Two people who Chapter 51 wants to suicide “I am also unacceptable, but Dumbledore does not believe, he supports Nicole Lever to ruin the philosopher's stone. He actually said, regarding these mind very sober people, the death was the new risk.” Even if the present recalls these words, Harry also finds it hard to believe.

“OK, do not think that this, Nicole Lever and Dumbledore were too old. They live too for a long time, much may not the happy matter, this meeting want dead.” Although George barely escapes death, but in addition also over 30 years old, and has not experienced the old time, he also wants to make the movie, but also wants to go to Hollywood, but also wants to be in love with the female star.
His big pile of things have not been done, similarly cannot understand Dumbledore's idea.
“Said also right, we have not lived over 600 years old, does not know that what feeling that is.” He stretched the brow sensitively, approved George's view, suddenly she grasped a key point in issue, calls out in alarm “George, you said that Dumbledore can also want dead?”
Harry and Owen were also frightened to stand by this saying, in the eye full is panic-stricken, “He is sensitive you to crack a joke.” Harry voice shivers, double is hand-held the chair.
Owen whole body is hitting trembling, cannot think that the sensitive words, “how you will have such crazy idea.”
“Low voice.” George waves, is comforting the present three people, then a face is also analyzing relations seriously.
“Nicole Lever should not deliberately choose died at this time, Lord Voldemort is in vogue magic time, Dumbledore and Nicole Lever do not have anything. But now, Lord Voldemort will be feeble is killed by us. He chooses the death now, only then possibly is early morning wants dead, the security of philosopher's stone is only an excuse.”
“Nicole Lever is impossible to be afraid Lord Voldemort, he one has wanted dead.” Harry twittering said, his coolie will not be afraid Lord Voldemort, lived let alone more than 600 years of great sorcerers.
“What relations but does this have with Dumbledore?” Owen mood flustered questioning, Dumbledore, but the backbone of magic, he lived was too long. He is the greatest white robe sorcerer, so long as he is living, everyone has the pillar, is hopeful, is not afraid Lord Voldemort.
“Dumbledore and Nicole Lever, but good friend, they many years of friendship. He will actually urge Nicole Lever dead, only then possibly is he also has this idea, Dumbledore also over 100 years old is.” He is also daunted by the idea that oneself emitted suddenly sensitively, but she could not repress to analyze this possibility.
“They were too old.”
After this is everyone exchange idea, conclusion that draws.
“But after Dumbledore died, magic what to do, does Lord Voldemort come back what to do?” Owen also somewhat believes that Dumbledore may really have the thought of subsiding, starts to be worried about this dire consequence.
“Do not worry, couldn't this time Dumbledore have helped? Harry has reached an agreement, is killed next Lord Voldemort by him, do you also want to follow scheduled?” George is comforting everyone, so long as Lord Voldemort has not reactivated completely, will not pose the big threat.
Even if Dumbledore has lived enough, does not want to suicide now, so long as are many some time, most flourishing Lord Voldemort is not also invincible. Let alone has their stops, Lord Voldemort wants to resurrect is not easy.
Is listening to George this saying, Harry's smiling embarrasedly, although has no longer been afraid Lord Voldemort, but if wants to kill him, without is so easy.
“Dumbledore has not died! We discuss topic that now he died, this was too awkward. Perhaps however now looks like Lord Voldemort only to be able by us to cope, this was too crazy.” Thinks sensitively oneself stirred into a huge trouble, the magic Sirs threw the carrying pole, Nicole Lever committed suicide directly, Dumbledore even also wants to suicide.
But their four coolies, actually because of Harry's relations, have to force somebody to do something he incapable, undertake on save entire magic the heavy responsibility.
“I believe that Dumbledore will not easily suicide, but I will beat Lord Voldemort.” Harry does not want to continue to discuss Dumbledore whether really wants to suicide.
Harry leans the body to arrive in front of George, lowers the head to dangle, “please train me strictly, I am more painstaking training, I will kill Lord Voldemort, for me, is my parents.”
“Wants you according to requirement, completes my training, you will obtain the strength of killing Lord Voldemort.” George sincere accepted Harry's request.
Hurricane proposed that wants to take part in a stricter training, this Jeangeorges is gratified, saved had prepared the good persuasion. Is this not just his goal always? Many several powerful helpers, making this world safer.
Also, only has this, he can have the time safely sways own time, sways money, enjoys the life. But does not need to be worried about to rest time, the black demon who will be braved suddenly looks for the main house gate.
“Oh! Stricter training.” Owen sends out a moan, his talent was inferior that Harry and He is sensitive, although tenacious is not always willing to be a drag on everyone with one, words that but the training continues to strengthen, after him the spare hours feared that since must vanish March to feel completely these days, were really ruined, he is under the huge threat, but he actually lay down because of the muscle pulling injury in the hospital at this time.
Previously he grasped Harry with great difficulty their giant handle, Harry they were raising the dragon, this illegal matter enough expelled the school them. Then March had almost seen, since oneself have entered a school the greatest victory.
He who he dislikes, He is sensitive, Owen Wesley expels the school entirely, Harry Potter will also submit under his body. Two students were dismissed, the standard sweet orchid smell many will be deducted the complete school grades, degenerates into the laughingstock of school, but he will deserve delivers the school cup Skye Bring.
Matter should be this.
However, because of the fearful accident/surprise, all changed, all have not walked according to the order that should have normally.
“How can like this!” Suddenly, he was closed the confinement, but also was punished the forest. What is more fearful, many people want to kill him. Thinks of here, March almost bit oneself tooth, “these outcasts, how they dare!”
But they really dare, March remembered in the forest the fearful monster, was lucky him at that time vigilant. He first, thinks immediately is in the school some people must murder with a borrowed knife, the successor who removes his March family.
Running that he goes all out, desperate running, he has not run quickly. He can also remember now, when oneself just woke, lungs residual stabbing pain. But today, his both legs because also runs fiercely has not restored.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Is Chapter 52 Dumbledore? “Is Dumbledore?” When March has the time to ponder when is who must kill him, his first thinking is Dumbledore.

Between March's father Lucius and Dumbledore, have the giant contradiction. His father graduates after Hogwarts joins the food dead disciple, even still crawls in the food dead disciple high-level, becomes the trusted aide of Lord Voldemort.
His father not only excels at the black magic, but also the wrist/skill is excellent, in Lord Voldemort expands takes an important role.
Moreover, as a wise politician, Lucius even surpassed Lord Voldemort in some aspects. He submits to Lord Voldemort, expands own strength and wealth with the strength of Lord Voldemort.
After Lord Voldemort “baby” was killed by one, he changes the entrance quickly, not only had not been involved because of the failure of Lord Voldemort. Even because was also short of the mountain of top of the head, was more magnificent.
He bought over the senior official of many magic section, by “was seized soul incantation control” this inferior excuse, exempted the accusation. Has the great asset, the huge position returned to the upper-level sorcerer society.
He now is not only the director in Hogwarts Institute, wants to expel the school Dumbledore. Dumbledore without doubt very repugnant March's father, although they also use each other every so often.
“Will Dumbledore therefore want to intend to kill me?” March is closely examining himself, “in the beforehand words, Hogwarts is safe, otherwise the father will not make me come to here to go to school.”
“But Harry also enters a school this year, the rumor black fiendish person can return with Harry, after the black fiendish person removes Harry, will rule magic. If the return of Dumbledore frightened black fiendish person, wants to act to my father, then may seek for the breach from here.”
March found Dumbledore to kill his reason, his father does not believe that Lord Voldemort will return, but he believes this rumor. Even he enters a school plans and Harry from the beginning forms the ally, resists Lord Voldemort together, has seized the magic control from the Lord Voldemort hand together. What a pity stupid Harry was unappreciative, rejected his good intentions.
“The monster of forest was swallowing the blood of unicorn at that time, but this will be cursed, even the worst black sorcerer will not easily make such action.” March is frowning, recalled that the same day scene, he also thought.
March has believed the black fiendish person will return, but he will have seized the magic control from the black fiendish person hand. This special idea, letting him a lot, association to the return of black fiendish person. But the accident/surprise of forest, agrees with the intention that perfectly the black fiendish person returned.
“Possibly acts besides Dumbledore, may be came from the black fiendish person's warning. The black fiendish person lost the strength, wants to return, needs the support of my father, he has the possibility me as a weapon that threatens the father.” This is another possibility that March thinks.
“What to do but should I?” March both hands grab the head, tumbles on the hospital bed unceasingly, pulled the stabbing pain on both legs, “oh! Damn!”
When discovered when oneself place the dangerous situation, March was instead calm, when he was discovered by the forest, after delivering to the hospital. He not only not like imagination, shouted loudly everywhere, threatened the professor to leave school, even was accused that the school regulated ineffectively. He is instead peaceful, regarded an ordinary accident/surprise this, he needs to confuse the secret murderer.
He remembered father's guidance, “cannot to see own idea, cannot to guess correctly own card in hand.” Talked over at heart silently, “cannot let the person agreement goal easily, waits for flaw that they showed.”
“This may not be really easy.” In his eye full is bitter and astringent, although has Lucius training since childhood, March understood that directs the method of person. But he after all is only 11 -year-old, perhaps he also arranges.
Thinks must face the death, must face Dumbledore, must face the black fiendish person,
In his brain is only left over hurriedly. Thinks of itself, is staring by the magic the giant of light and dark two side, March only feels a back cool feeling. “Who there?” March discovered a form following the cool feeling of back.
“Is I.” Shy short and stocky, walked from the porch, is Gore.
Looks at the Gore timid appearance, Mar good fortune does not hit one, when except just entered a school obtains joyfulness hand/subordinate. He soon discovered that Gore and Club are two fools, when especially their two were blocked by Nervy, after harming him Owen beats violently one, he affirmed this fact.
He is not even glad to take these two fools every so often, but as March family's successor, he cannot always be done it yourself by oneself. This will make his family be shamed, he has to take them.
For several days March lay down in the hospital heals from a wound, he knows that oneself placed the dangerous situation, naturally cannot this sleep in low spirits. For several days he hid in the medical office at the same time, how planned to cope with Dumbledore and Lord Voldemort. At the same time depends upon Gore and Club, is inquiring the news of school, but these two fools cannot complete this matter.
Is the news that Gore and Club spread what? “Ghost made practical joke to whom, the school were many a chocolate of new taste, of first grade and who is flirting with the eyes, some so-called secrets, the final discovery is the cheap trick.”
March does not dare the serious matter, to tell to these two fools, does not dare to say itself to place the danger. He does not think to get out of bed early tomorrow morning, the person of discovery entire school, knows that he plots against by Dumbledore and Lord Voldemort.
This makes him envy Harry Potter, “Wesley, although is not intelligent, but Gore and Club were much better, He sensitively was actually a smart person, if she were not the mud plants.”
“Baud has two efficient assistants, but I actually must guard against my secret, was exposed by two fools.” Thinks of here, March feels grieved for oneself.
Then he did not have the good nature, returned the thoughts with raw hate, the vision is staring at Gore, “what important matter does today's school have?”
“Baud, Harry Potter, he made very big noise.” Gore was arranged to inquire the information by March for these days, this makes him very awkward, he was used to it like a gate pillar, stands side Maria, “here” smiling, can divide to between -meal snack finally, obtains the advantage.
But March recently changed, he broke faith, his request is getting higher and higher, making Gore not gasp for breath. He inquired with great difficulty information that was treated as the trash by March, must know that these made his many efforts, Skye Bring to be possible not to have the personal connection in the school all along.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 53 analyzes and idea “baud! What did he make?” March at present one bright, hurries to closely examine, after these days petty information bombed, he finally hears the news that wants to hear, no matter Lord Voldemort or Dumbledore, they will not neglect, Harry Potter this special status.

Seeing March no longer was being such couple days ago, despising of whole face, the news had the interest in he fed in smoothly, Gore's voice, “baud beat Lord Voldemort, protected the philosopher's stone.”
Gore stumbles along, from other person of there hears the news told Maria. Is good makes too greatly because of the matter of Harry Potter and Philosopher's Stone, in the campus was discussing everywhere. He does not need deliberately to inquire, back and forth, hears news of many about this matter, even the detail was discussed clear by others. March's questioning, cannot baffle him.
“Are this news only the student in the biography?” The shocking news and clear detail, making March feel behind this news unusual, he pursues immediately asks.
“Not only the student, the teachers in school is also interested in these things, but also disclosed the protective measure of philosopher's stone.” Gore rubs their head, thinks a next time said.
“Teacher the passing on words, this back is also having the promoter, some people are drumming up support. Everyone chatted was the bauds? Did some people discuss George?” March does not believe that the baud is capable of protecting the philosopher's stone, does not believe that he can beat Lord Voldemort, certainly is George is helping him.
“Protects the philosopher's stone obviously is their four, but everyone is discussing the baud, speaking of few of quite others.” Had March's reminder, Gore also discovered unusual some.
“This was right, this news is the school deliberately passes on, otherwise the detail will not be clear, even the teachers were discussing. But only discussed the baud, naturally to give our Savior drummed up support, I do not believe that he played the major role.” In March closely grasps begins the bed sheet, hates the sound said.
The baud stepped significant one step on the road of Savior, he actually lay on the bed becomes the viewers unable to achieve continually.
“I was tired, you first go out.” Waving of March interest is waning, making Gore first leave.
“Good, I will be bringing the recent information tomorrow.” Has been closely examined by March, Gore also has the pressure, today completes the task finally.
“Does not use, later several days did not use the information temporarily, I will leave the hospital tomorrow.” March voice is somewhat incapable low and deep.
“!” In Gore heart one startled, looked up to March, saw him to lower the head to think anything at this time. Hesitated the moment, does not dare to closely examine, turned around to leave the medical office.
Waits for Gore to leave the medical office, March is reorganizing today's news, he may not have the plan to tell Gore and Club oneself idea, that was too stupid.
“Bad news was a baud reputation was getting bigger and bigger, even his strength was also getting higher and higher. Even he in protecting the process of philosopher's stone, has not played the major role, but he faced the black fiendish person after all truly.” Continuously in March who Harry opposes, can say that is clear to Harry's information, loses to Harry in the strength is to make him very painful.
“Good news is, the return of black fiendish person failed temporarily, Dumbledore should in not act to me anxiously, I was safe temporarily.” This is the biggest good news, is March the reason that decides to leave the hospital, Lord Voldemort returns the failure. Without the threat of black fiendish person, he was safe temporarily.
“But how do they defeat the black fiendish person? Even if is attached to Cello merely the weak black fiendish person! If I can also achieve.” Thinks of here, March ignites flame.
His father is the wise politician, teaching him to direct the method of person. But to him, he looked forward to that powerful strength, March knows, when there is a black fiendish person that powerful strength, even/including his father's such person, will obey him unconditionally.
Therefore, he can begin school to look for Harry, this beats the person of Lord Voldemort in the baby years, certainly is hiding the huge secret, that is the secret that can make him reach.
What is bad, now Harry protected the philosopher's stone, defeated Lord Voldemort, reaching step by step, is becoming the Savior of being worthy of the reputation. But he is actually very likely to become Lord Voldemort and Dumbledore, copes with his father's tool, he was too small and weak. Even lost to Harry in the strength and result, this makes him unacceptable.
“Matter must change, I need the helper, rather than has fought single-handedly.” Harry has with the keen and Wesley's help. But he actually can only take advantage of Club and Gore these two fools.
“Perhaps I should think the means to win over George, at least must find the way to let his neutrality!” March thinks that here some meanings move, he believes the protection philosopher's stone, defeats Lord Voldemort more possible is George, rather than Harry. Harry can deceive others, but may be unable to deceive his March, he knows that Harry has several jins (0.5 kg) several two to think of here, he thought more and more this is an excellent principle, he even remembered a series of things. He starts the reason that is at a disadvantage in front of Harry, because Harry had George's help.
March cannot take a liking to Owen, cannot have a liking for He to be sensitive, he does not fear Harry. But he knows that oneself cannot fight George, like George's height build, his study and strength also makes people feel desperate.
Then, the following key point is, how should touch a Latin Crowd!
Harry is sitting under a tree, backs on the big tree, on the knee is putting a thick book. The light penetrates the leaf to scatter on his face, body, in book. Wind from his ear bank gentle has caressed, tucks in one wisp to send the silk, reveals scabs on forehead. Different from the fierce intense, this time breeze of flight timely breeze blows gently, the cool breeze makes him very comfortable intermittently, very relaxes, like a gentle bosom.
He keen distant is seeing Harry, is somewhat curious, then also follows to arrive under the tree, sits with Harry abreast in row. “Is Harry, what you looking at?”
“You look, this is my mother, she is really attractive.” Harry leans the body, both hands has held the book, points at the picture to look to He sensitively.
He keen Tan body, as Harry's hand counts on, has the scarlet red hair, with the beautiful woman of Harry same green eye, is turning toward her to wave, “she is really attractive.” He sensitive heartfelt to praise sighed.
“She to save me dies.” Harry's voice stopped, to continue saying that “Lord Voldemort has not planned to kill her, she with oneself life, oneself death released a special protection incantation for me.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 54 March's plot Harry Mobile has the finger, in the hand of female with the picture pastes gently in the same place, his sound somewhat shivers, “I once think that I am a child who no one wants, why I once blamed them to throw down me, this was too ignominious.” Harry's voice somewhat sobbed.

He puts out a hand sensitively gently is touching Harry's shoulder, “Harry!”
Harry controls with every effort is making oneself mood not collapse, he needs to use very big strength, can say the coherent words, “she has not thrown down me, she has not left me. She leaves my love, but also in my body, engraves in my soul, but also is protecting me frequently.”
He keen Jixu pinched Harry's shoulder, “she will be proud of you.”
Harry twittering said, “I am her pride, her protection incantation continuously in my blood.”
Harry tries to control oneself mood unceasingly, he gradually slow, “she is also my pride, she is protecting me forever.”
Harry is pointing at pictures in book, is illustrating them among He keen one after another.
“This is my father, that invisible clothes came from my father. Dumbledore said that he likes entering the kitchen to steal the thing with the invisible clothes to eat. We look like very much, I also always like taking a stroll in the school with it secretly.”
“It in George's hands, plays the biggest role, George saved me with it, beat Lord Voldemort.”
“This is sends to me, he to I apologize, he is very guilty, but does not close his matter actually. Am I wants to face Lord Voldemort, but I must face him. However, I liked his gift, he must come many pictures from my parents' schoolmate there.”
Harry like just closed for a long time confinement, wanting the one breath to suppress in words at heart says, he has said that He sensitive listening continuously, response continuously.
.......
Dinner time, Hogwarts's cafeteria.
Owen chews the sausage of mouth, the mouth is whispering, “certainly has the plot, certainly has the plot.”
Harry forks a pizza, lifted the head. The vision lies in the flash of He sensitive looking at each other, suddenly felt an ear heat, panic has transferred the look.
He like also stabbed by Harry's vision sensitively, like a frightened rabbit, the heartbeat accelerates, her hurrying focuses on cup.
Afternoon one leans to state, Harry like being bewitched, is saying itself. From own family member, by own childhood, from own worry, to own smelly, from own joy, to own causing trouble, from own confusedness, to own hope.
Harry has said, but He sensitive listening continuously, response continuously, has encouraged, two people coordination made the time like framing, in an instant is the dinner time. They catch up to come to the cafeteria in a hurry, but also bumps into Owen who also ate meal.
Afternoon talking freely, stops until now suddenly, two talents are somewhat unusual.
“What plot is Owen you saying?” Harry look moves fast is asking Owen.
“March, he has certainly the plot.” Owen as if vented on the resentment food, forked a pie.
“March? Recently I am very rare he.” Harry recovered at this time, said that since March after the forest is injured, recently was rarely seeing him, school daily was gentler.
“Is because could not see March, I affirmed that he has the plot.” Owen takes the knife and fork, effort the smoked meat in ripping open tray.
“Said, without March's disturbing, school life happy many.” He sensitive cautious does not look at Harry, then Owen's thread of conversation.
“But only fears March's plot, once works, our days were sad.” Owen seems indignant, the knife and fork hits the tray straight sound.
“ Do not keep guessing, hurried to say anything.
“ Harry looked that Owen as if has what words, the appearance of starting to speak but hesitating, was urging makes him say. Owen put down the knife and fork, the mouth opened to open the mouth, thought that was not quite appropriate. Also, is pinching own cup, hesitated the half of the day, finally opens the mouth, “I heard that March was inquiring George's fondness recently! He from Skye Bring there, collects the book collection that was in sole possession of much to give to George.”
“Does March want to do? To split up us?” He keen Jianguan March's full mouth taunt, a face arrogance, became regarding the style of this transformation does not adapt suddenly very much.
“March does not work as the pest, changed to work as the intriguer?” Harry does not know how should appraise Owen's news, the pest, although sees will be affecting the mood, but the intriguer is not better to deal with.
The facial expression that a Owen face expects too much, looks unable to say He keen and Harry of reason why, “March wants to win over George, moreover his book George also received, although looked.”
“Some George people deliver him the book the words, he is very difficult to reject.” He sensitively is also a person who likes studying, she somewhat understands George's idea, although this condition also makes her feel somewhat strangely.
“ George will not win over by March. A Harry face definitely said.
“I also know that George will not win over by March, even March also knows, but March is improving him and George's relations.” Owen resigned-looking is saying,
After Owen hears the March recent situation, first does not believe that then some doubts. Finally, after gradually made clear March's movement, starts becomes was worried very much. Owen has five elder brothers, this is together is not an easy matter, therefore he to this manipulating strategically relational many some understanding.
“Since March knows that George will not win over by him, why he also does want to win over George?” He thought sensitively oneself issue is somewhat incoherent, she was said somewhat muddled by Owen.
Owen knows that He keen is asking anything, this is he wants to tell He keen and Harry. He ate soup, returned to normal under the mood, to continue saying that “I know George will not win over by March, George will not stand that side Maria. But if March maintained the relations with George, George he might remains neutral.”
“March is so repugnant!” He sensitive some did not understand how March is possible and George maintains the relations.
“Words that thinks carefully, actually George and March's contact are few, he is Latin Crowd, whole time soak in the library.” Harry thinks, said slowly.
“Moreover, March facing George time, will not be arrogant, has a joke backfire.” Owen also follows to supplement.
“In that case, actually George's sense to March cannot like us.” He sensitively very intelligent, understands everything right off.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 55 qualified Latin Crowd “is this, March flatters to flatter George's words wholeheartedly, the gift delivers well, cannot do well really can become the friend with George.” On Owen face full is depressed, his March is rather more repugnant, rather than such intelligent, learned with means of differentiation.

“But ....” He keen stretch/open opened the mouth, wanted to say anything, finally has not said.
Harry added that the sensitive idea, “George is our friends, he helped us be many. But our have no reason to request him also to follow to be hostile to our enemies, like Shape, like March.”
“March this time really thought of an extremely intelligent method.” Owen depends on the chair back, raises head to look at the ceiling, since knows after this news, he racks brains not to think of the good way. At this time told Harry and He is sensitive, had not thought that they can find out the means.
“Or, do we ask George?” March who He keen can/but does not want to dislike becomes George's friend.
“This is not quite good, we may have no reason to restrain George to become friends.” Harry thought that this time March, Lord Voldemort is how headache, he did not fear that March taunted him, shamed him. He believes that oneself can always defeat March, but March is flattering oneself friend, must fight to relate with George, this asked him to feel embarrassed.
“Are we waiting like this?” He looks sensitively Owen and Harry cannot find way out, heaved a sigh was not happy. They overcame so many difficulties together, facing Lord Voldemort not such depressed, now is unexpectedly dejected because of March's conspiratorial means.
........
In the activity room of mutual aid association, two forms sit on the two chairs before corner bookshelf, on the middle small round table is suspending two cups of fruit juice.
Kate is glancing through Beans Caitlin is in sole possession of the book collection, careless is asking to man, “does George, you accept the book collection that March sent like this?”
“When I loan a thousand gold (daughter) Along to March, is hoping harvest huge return, but these start adds the head.”
George is glancing through in the hand this Beans Caitlin is in sole possession of the book collection, other schools in Skye Bring and school relates is not quite good, this makes them be hard to borrow the resources of other schools, makes other schools be hard to contact Skye Bring's collection, this Jeangeorges is very unsatisfied.
Kate is looking at present this completely not like the form of first grade, asking of some doubts, “, but your friends, they may very be bad with March's relations.” After Kate joins the mutual aid association, used many thoughts here, she can also see George to put many thoughts on his friends.
But these, make her to the matter that has at present more puzzled, isn't this very obvious matter? George by such little benefit buy?
George smiled gently, “Skye Bring's personal connection may be never good, but can you expel the school them?.”
The Hogwarts four graduate schools have the characteristics respectively, is indispensable. Although people the school that would deviation liking, even therefore dislikes another school. But each school has own necessity, their mutual independent the interdependence, mutually is also hostile, needs mutually.
Kate drew a small circle with the finger in the book, she does not satisfy George's reply, “, but you can not be the friend with them.” She knows certainly that each school needs of existence, but not every student needs of existence, does not represent everyone to with the person who does not like live together in peace and harmony.
Repugnant, is hostile, even hates the choice that a student can definitely make.
“Mutual aid association will not reject any Skye Bring from the beginning, to a certain extent, even can say that they are very good guests. They are ambitious, for the victory does not hesitate the method, they will betray the thing that all can sell out.” George is saying at a moderate pace.
He does not dislike Skye Bring, so long as with them does not stay together frequently.
He will be glad very much at crucial moment, sold to Skye Bring some ordinary thing high price originally. When necessary, Skye Bring would being glad to buy these things very much, rather than swayed by personal feelings. “You?” Kate wants to know George individual idea, rather than the standpoint of mutual aid association.
“Latin Crowd, the concealed meaning is greedy spoliation’, we are the spoliators of knowledge, we are the greedy collectors, we occupy the broadest sky like the eagle.” George begins supinely, the sound somewhat moves fast.
Kate has turned the head finally, is staring at George's eyes, “, even if the matter that makes to be contrary to convictions.”
“Even if and devil trades.” George is responding to Kate's gaze, the flaming flame that in the eye burns.
“You may really be real, Latin Crowd.” Kate escaped put aside the vision that also resembled, did not dare to look at each other with George, the flame in George eyes, the flaming ambition, almost burnt her.
“Latin Crowd's exhortation to students, the excellent intelligence and ability is the human maximum wealth. To us, is swayed by personal feelings never should arrange at front of our dictionary.” George twittering said, probably is explaining to Kate, seems like convincing the philosopher's stone event ended later several days, the program of everyone still filled, Harry attended a GUI wonderful competition, the opponent is Latin Crowd.
Although Latin Crowd was often treated as the bookworm, but if who really treats as the bookworm them, he will soon discover oneself are the biggest simpleton.
Halifax Latin Crowd not Bees Caitlin quite copes presently, even is more formidable. Their teams flood the formation, the rule, Latin Crowd perhaps are not being the best fliers, but they definitely are in four schools the best team.
With Latin Crowd's team coordination, the coordination between standard sweet orchid smell mufti- teammates appears collapses at the first blow. The beginning shortly, the standard sweet orchid smell many were shattered to pieces, the score enlarges unceasingly. Once Harry discovered golden cat burglar time, immediately Latin Crowd sends their team members to intercept to prevent Harry, the entire competition makes sweet orchid smell be miserable beyond description much.
Is good because of Harry is an excellent looking player, he found the opportunity to hold the golden cat burglar, leading the team to win. This makes Wood very happy, after this competition, champion who they after seven years, obtained the GUI wonderful competition finally again. Wood has even shouted the defending slogan, although no one has taken seriously,
Owen makes the best use of the time, is enjoying the final leisure time, he also starts some anticipation many training. Previous philosopher's stone event time, he cannot reach the final moment, cannot follow to challenge Lord Voldemort, this makes him somewhat regrettable.
But since these days, in the school has started to pass on Harry to defeat the story of Lord Voldemort insanely, lets be involved, actually cannot become him of lead to regret.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The Chapter 56 good news and bad news He keen positive/correct makes the best use of the time with the aid of the book collection of school, the teacher in school, set one for oneself, the program arranged to specific every day, made concrete to every hour of different schoolwork, such a strict learning program. Immediately took summer vacation, she does not want on simple plays a summer vacation.

George is also very busy, he promised must train harrying strictly, must let the strength that Harry obtains to kill Lord Voldemort. This is not very easy, if particularly he hopes to be able several years ahead of schedule, achieves this goal. This needs to draw support from the help of many methods and external force, rather than increases Harry's study curriculum merely.
Like his original words, “, if increases the time of schoolwork, can defeat Lord Voldemort, then Hogwarts's seven years of educational system, changed to 17 years to be able mass production Merging?”(Merging, in history the greatest sorcerer.)
Had George's these words, he promised that cannot through the extension of time, work overtime to be perfunctory the training. But through a more scientific method, more effective practicing, will achieve better raining effect, this makes Harry they also regarding this hopeful.
Does not need to extend the training time, does not need to work overtime, but raises the training efficiency, to Harry them, that indeed is excellent good news.
However quick, they also had excellent bad news.
After the routine assembly of mutual aid association, the Harry three people were kept by George, they were also anticipating has what good deed.
“Since next semester, you are going to take part in the training with March.” George has not made some ahead of time the upholstery, gave an oral account this decision.
“What? Trains with March?” Owen stared in a big way the eye, the mouth of opening seemed like by a goose egg is caught is the same, has grinned with ear to ear.
“Oh, this was too god crazy.” He still remembers sensitively oneself attend class, there are not able to bear extract the magic wand to come the impulsion to March ruthlessly. Thinks that must train with March, even eats together to live together, this made people be hard to accept.
“But March is our foes!” Harry knows oneself cannot request George, not Jeangeorges and March communicated, but let him and March trains together shoulder to shoulder, this made him be hard to accept.
“Yes, we and March may have big pile of accounts to be.” Owen is coordinating Harry, is trying decision that changes George.
“Since March is your foe, you decided that killed March?” George complexion is invariable, careless asking.
Kills March, a George's light question, actually like a mountain, the pressure on Harry and Owen, they looked like immediately is pressed firmly between the fingers the duck of neck, all words by a big hand card in the neck, were opening mouth unable to speak completely.
They are how repugnant March, really does not adulterate, no matter March's hairstyle, March's height, March's appearance. Let alone March that face is arrogant, that frequently like an endless fly, near your ear “buzz... buzz... buzz...”!
March's mouth, is such youthful, he will want at the first opportunity the opens the mouth. Will attack Harry no one to want, Owen is poor does not have the sock, He keen “mud to plant”. He such repugnant person, how can everyone not hate him? Even in Skye Bring, he still absolutely is not the personal connection good person.
But speaking of must kill March, Harry and Owen has not thought this. Even if they are thinking frequently punches March ruthlessly, even wants to see to punch his one time. But massacres own schoolmate like this, even if the extreme repugnant schoolmate. They have not been able to say these words, they had not had such preparation.
“But, this cannot change March's repugnance.” The sensitive weak argument, she has not been thinking kills March, no matter she has repugnant March.
“You, if not want to kill him, you are impossible to prevent him.” George knows March's repugnance,
If there is a portrait March to treat Harry such to aim at him, he one will find the way to kill him. But now is chaste, pure Harry they, may not have George this to trample all regular adult thought. Under this condition, how they possibly convinced George, how likely to demonstrate own consciousness.
“March is the student of school, he is eligible for the knowledge in the school, I will not reject him the effort in seeking knowledge.” George is speaking the insincere words seriously.
“Oh, no, I do not want to eat together the training that with March lives together.” Sees George's decision unable to change, the Harry three people felt that like school all curricula, changed into Shape's demon medicine class to be the same, a front darkness.
“I told your bad news very much regrettably, but this decision is will not change absolutely. Naturally as compensation, there is a good news.” George continued at a moderate pace.
“What good news?” He's sensitive voice seems worn out, the look actually gathered quietly got up just to be under the major attack, at this time will hear will have the good news, on the Harry three faces was half-dead, but the ear actually raised quietly, “hope was really the good news.”
“Good news is, some of your a lot of opportunities can punch March finally ruthlessly. Next semester training can have many actual combat, I will not give him in the training the special amenities.” George is walking slowly and aimlessly the step, is saying own decision.
“This indeed is a good news.” After a huge bad news, suddenly hears an inconceivable good news, this makes Harry three people of some unable to believe, gawked to reflect some little time.
“But this obviously is the same news.” He keen just happy a meeting, immediately discovers fishy.
“It seems like, trains with March, actually does not calculate any misdemeanor.” Owen also recovers, dejected he, listened to punch March a moment ago, suddenly felt own whole body had the strength, for a while is out of control to be ready to fight.
“Very good, I will not give March the special amenities. I believe that you have one year of advantage, will not lose to him absolutely, or doesn't anyone of you have this self-confidence?” On George face has the strange happy expression to ask.
“Naturally has, I well the truth that will teach March to cultivate the behavior.” Saying that Owen is ready to fight.
“I am impossible to lose to March, his result cannot catch up with my shadow.” He keen Tie the chin, is taking studying the tyrant proudly for card.
“How possibly to lose to March!” Harry thinks oneself have faced Lord Voldemort, how to possibly lose to March, this is absolutely impossible.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 57 contemplated the secret standard “that to decide happily, during summer vacation, I will leave behind some curricula to you, including March. Been able to complete words, I will not punish anyone, summer vacation left uncultivated when waits to begin school the training is beaten violently by the opponent.” George claps gently, for the summer vacations of their four people, made this decision unilaterally.

He wields the sleeves, realized own plot, sneaking off quietly.
Harry three people, fighting spirit full left the mutual aid association, until returning to the road in dormitory ponders, discovers some fishy.
“We were played by George probably, he told us a bad news, then turned into the good news this bad news. Finally, he prepared one pile of work to us, our also face gives him to express happily loyally.”
On the road that Owen comes back has thought some are not right, when like him by his Elder Brother plays with the feeling. Ponders over, he thinks of the middle key point.
“Probably also is really this, trains with March is not a good news, although can punch him absolutely is the good news.” Harry touches the head, is resigned-looking.
Was Always taunted in the classroom by March is not a matter, Shape too eccentric, March can insult him, but he, once counter-attacks may be very deducted points by Shape. Like this gets down, Harry thought that can punch March's words, trains together can also accept.
“Intelligent George a bad matter, turned into the good matter, like him said that transforms the angle of viewing the issue.” He keen had somewhat understood George's idea.
They and March have the contradiction, has the hatred, so long as they have not killed March's idea. Then these contradictions, are not the life and death contradiction, in this case, some intelligent methods, can achieve to satisfy both sides.
Must say that George does not dislike March that definitely is not, present March, is this age the representative of bear child's. It is not perhaps guilty of the most heinous crime, but must say that people like him died was not a pity, that absolute right.
However, the other side, George after all is Latin Crowd's student, usually with March's contact very few. After all has the reminder of momentarily his robust stature, innate can obtain bear the child immunity the specialty. No matter mufti- bears, repugnant person, not with no reason at all brings about own destruction.
If Harry and Owen, they have to see to punch a March ability one time, even March's such bear child, will still walk around them. Each survives, the bear child but who also keeps improving, has a talent of identification of hazard source.
They can always find the small and weak person to bully, the person who likes the violence, never likes the violence truly, they like humiliating small and weakly. Once runs into the powerhouse, they become oppose the violence compared with anyone immediately, becomes understands emphasizing own small and weak compared with anyone.
Harry their three people and March's contradictions, each other have not been in the degree that must kill each other. At these times, each other contradiction, can become George to control a weapon of both sides. After a consideration, George deciding lets March, becomes that silver carp that stimulates Harry their quicker growth.
A bad news, becomes the news finally, then also stimulated Harry three people of earnestly seeking to strength, this can be a good business. What is more important, George has reason that has to help March. In this case, he can only disregard Harry three people of dissatisfaction over March, is not so joyful with one type, but not that youthful way them puts together.
Matter before Owen understood that Male Phuchoa many thoughts inquired that George's hobby, is trying and George pulls closer the relations. March wants to win over George, but really puts the thoughts a lot. Some petty actions that except that shows good will from the beginning, deliver some Skye Bring is in sole possession of the book collection, when George has not rejected these, even expressed accepted March's good intention the time.
March also started to increase the chip, he sent «Contemplates secret Standard». Although he has decided that
At least wants Jeangeorges to remain neutral between him and Harry. He also wants to gain the advantage from George, but he does not have the courage, puts out the black demon model calligraphy that harbors to give George from the family/home. But deceives George this stupid idea at will, will not be intelligent March will have, he will not think oneself clever will more push George is farther. Gift of showing good will, not only cannot be too powerful, is too secret, cannot be too optional, is too ordinary. At once, Male Phuchoa many thoughts, from family's collection, discovered this to be able Jeangeorges's satisfied gift.
Contemplating the technique is one indoctrination method that the ancient sorcerer spread, in the hearsay has very mysterious function, was ancient sorcerer essential practicing. But does not know that what's the matter, the sorcerers gradually abandoned this training.
Gradually, contemplates the function and significance of technique continually gradually loses in the history. By the modern times, once some sorcerers want to restore this practicing. But finally that sorcerer laborious many years, actually only showed, magic had lost this inheritance. No one knows that contemplates the effect of technique, no one knows how should conduct this practicing.
But that sorcerer laborious many years later, evidence and material that keeps only, is this «Contemplates secret Standard».
March knows George to be well-read, whenever there is time will soak in Hogwarts's library, it is said historical book collection majority of library was read off by him.
Although March does not believe that George really can read off, that tens of thousands of bored travel notes and arid history. But he ought to know, the George's to these ancient knowledge and skills has the strong interest. A consideration, he chose wisely, such was important in the ancient times, but now the books of some weeks give to George.
He did not count on that George discards Harry to become his friend, but also decides, must obtain a good impression. After this convenience, to continue to do, so long as invests enough, even Jeangeorges maintains the neutrality is not impossible.
In Latin Crowd's lounge, George strokes gently begins thick «Contemplates secret Standard». The title page of animal skin was disclosing little ancient, in page densely covered stars illustration, demon secretary, is showing the sincerity of history. Illustration that was written by much magic writing, was secret records author's infatuated and frantic about ancient sorcerer densely.
Tries to recover to contemplate that sorcerer of technique, truly put many thoughts. Not only in the book collects many ancient times to spread until now contemplation technique, explained the attainment not to lack. How what a pity to achieve the training, the function after training, these representative spell most important information do not have totally. He cannot recover to contemplate the technique eventually, cannot reappear in the ancient times the great strength of sorcerer.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The Chapter 58 evening banquet final sorcerer has the numerous regrets, strong being unwilling, all mood, all hopes keeps in this secret standard.

But these are enough, to George, these are enough.
“March, although has not settled the good intention from the beginning, but his luck is really good, or my luck is really good.” George closes the page gently, low voice sigh.
George still remembers when oneself just obtained this book inconceivable. In front of Maria, he is happy, cannot control own excitement. Or he really does not think, when is like this happy, constrains own emotion, constrains own joy.
“Life happily must have a good time.” He even wants to summon loudly, sang loudly, even drank one cup to celebrate. However, for many years' calmness, even he does not control oneself mood, pleased of these overruns, the impulsion of overrun, quick in his spontaneous reason slowly slow. He was still filled with joy, will not be hysteric.
Without the loud summon, has not sung loudly, has not drunk one cup, but he was very happy, he complied very much refreshed to March the strength. This is the return, is the inequitable exchange, at least on satisfaction of both sides, this is an inequitable exchange.
George integrated in March oneself training unit, because these «Contemplates secret Standard».
Different with other sorcerers to “contemplates technique” negligence and unfamiliar, contemplating is part in George strength build, as one from knowledge explosion, information overflow explosive table the novel sorcerer in world.
Contemplating when George is very small, has followed him, although he does not have many harvests from the beginning. But a day dozens minutes of training, is used to restore the energy, will perk up not to waste time.
But more than a year of fostering small good custom, when a favorable turn, possibly welcomed the huge change. When George detonates oneself energetic sea with the lucky spirit medicinal preparation repeatedly, the energetic secret, the contemplated use, bit by bit exposes in his at present.
The fondness that starts to treat as merely slightly rests, after meeting full irrigation and rain and dew, immediately like mushrooms after a spring rainfall, rapid healthy.
But these «Contemplated secret Standard» was almost supplementing instantaneously his weak area, he has been able to see, oneself opened a strength fast accumulation the channel, this was important regarding the magic strength growth slow sorcerer.
When the strength growth is slow, always a skill, a skill, can accumulate the big advantage. Like the height body weight that the George grandiose body brings, abundant energy. Contemplates the control to the psychic force, can Jeangeorges on the road of sorcerer, find an important cornerstone again.
The world is changing, George as if sees the storm that oneself this butterfly fan has, is remote the space and time to get stronger and stronger, spreads unceasingly, even quick must affect the present.
This is the summer vacation ago last time important event, the year-end evening banquet of school.
The Harry three same places arrived at the assembly hall of school, in the assembly hall uses various greens and silver various colored ribbons, various types of silk fabric are decorated, center on the assembly hall wall, is hanging a giant banner, above is drawing up Skye Bring's snake.
“This is Skye Bring's color, really damn, the poor time, misses several points, we can defeat Skye Bring.” Owen faces forward, while complained.
“Who didn't say? This year several school grades of schools bite real tight, Skye Bring, we, Latin Crowd everyone only differs several points. If the previous GUI wonderful competition, Latin Crowd won, they defeated Skye Bring, won the school cup.”
He keen is regretfully lost to several points seems very annoyed, she believes that wants many to two time, she thinks the means awarded marks to surpass Skye Bring.
“The previous time Latin Crowd's bookworms, to insane were no wonder same in the field, almost shatters to pieces us.” Owen is somewhat suddenly enlighten now,
Before he does not know, Latin Crowd can be so crazy in the GUI wonderful competition. Harry expression is somewhat awkward, he said low voice, “if we had known is such words, my rather GUI wonderful competition loses to Latin Crowd, such school cup will not fall in Skye Bring hand.”
“Also strange George, he had no interest in make recently a minute, otherwise Jeanne Caitlin will not win the school cup for the eighth consecutive year.” In He's sensitive voice some resentment, she by any means possible, wants to add a minute to surpass Skye Bring these days.
George was quiet recently, no action, this lets Latin Crowd in the leading situation, was instead surpassed in the final moment by Skye Bring.
“ Do not say, George is busy giving us to prepare summer vacation practicing, this lost the time. “ Harry's some sound apologies, he knows that George was very recently busy. But he led standard sweet orchid smell all-win the GUI wonderful competition, actually lost to Skye Bring in the school cup, this made him very guilty, thought that two schools lost to Skye Bring are other party become.
During the speeches, everyone has arrived by standard sweet orchid smell many tables. Harry looked toward Latin Crowd's table, George is chatting with his Kate, has not noticed them to come.
Harry looks toward Skye Bring, he saw March, is that arrogant appearance. Skye Bring knows oneself won the school cup, the entire school appears is insufferably arrogant. Sound that side their tables, even spoke, the sound of drinking water compared other school to be bigger, was really youthful.
As the winner of school cup, Skye Bring's students unscrupulous loud discussion, clinking glasses celebration of whispering. They had won continuously for seven years, but this year is most thrilling one year, even they instead surpassed Latin Crowd in the final moment.
Skye Bring's noise has affected other schools, Kate some not happy asking, “why final moment you disappeared, Jeanne Caitlin instead surpassed the score.”
In George hand is raising the stem glass, gently is swaying the fruit juice in cup, although this will not make the fruit juice tastier, but this movement is truly charming, having a look at the surrounding higher grades study elder sister's vision to know. He drank fruit juice, said at a moderate pace, “I also think Latin Crowd doesn't care about the school cup? Otherwise, how possible Jeanne Caitlin to win continuously for seven years?”
“Also can say that does not care, but a time long time, Skye Bring thinks oneself won is natural, starts to look down on other schools, this uncomfortable.” Kate is depressed drank water, Latin Crowd did not mind the school cup, but they will mind that Skye Bring obtained the school cup.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 59 transition “Skye Bring holds one to be good to hate suddenly, but the matter decline place of school cup, Skye Bring could not have won.” George's smiling of gently, the matter of philosopher's stone spread over the school, in the school minute a point will not have the sound.

The Skye Bring's later standard sweet orchid smell are many and Latin Crowd only misses several points, casual in addition, Skye Bring's school cup surrendered something submissively, moreover now loses the school cup, will make them lose face.
While Skye Bring's atmosphere, more and more lively time, Dumbledore came, the loud noise of assembly hall also subsided.
“Was a school year passes like this.” A Dumbledore face smile said that “before everyone enjoys the tonight's good meal heartily, I need to lose everyone time, is this year makes a summary.”
“This is enough splendid one year, in your heads was richer than last year, was more powerful, believes that everyone also thought like this. But is more joyful is, front has an entire summer vacation to make you celebrate.” Speaking of the summer vacation, Dumbledore observed the situation a student, seeing on each face to show the understanding smile.
“Summer vacation is waiting for you, you can before next semester begins school, well the digestion this year's harvest, the head spatially comes out, prepares for next year.” Dumbledore first encouraged everyone 's study, then continues saying that “now, according to the convention, we will conduct the award presentation ceremony of school cup. And the scores of various schools, Hatch Patch, four percentages, Latin Crowd, 589, the standard sweet orchid smell are many, 595, Skye Bring, 599.”
Finishes speaking, Skye Bring's direction, erupts slating cheering and stamping the feet sound. Harry also sees Draco Malay correct use stem glass to strike this tableware, sends out the clang DA the sound, is really a youthful fellow.
“This year each school displays outstandingly.” Dumbledore raised the sound slightly, “several things that but, recently just had should not forget, needs to calculate.”
Assembly hall suddenly peaceful, Skye Bring restrained the smile.
“Good play came.” George lowers the head to Kate whisper.
“First” Dumbledore clears throat, “my some scores need to assign, making me think, then, first, Mr. Owen Wesley.”
Owen becomes flushed immediately the face, the body is excited to shiver, he had not previously enjoyed this treatment.
“He helped everyone win an important chess, he therefore won 50 points for the Georgian sweet orchid smell mufti- schools.” Dumbledore is saying loudly.
The words fall, the standard sweet orchid smell were almost many cheers exerting the ceiling of magic raised, shook the star of top of the head to creaky, their counter- ultra Skye Bring. Also, can hear Percy with be resounding the sound to tell others, “he is my younger brother, I the youngest brother, you know. He and everyone adopt giant checkerboard magic that Maine taught together.”
When everyone is with great difficulty peaceful, Dumbledore continues to open the mouth, “second, Miss He sensitive Grainier, she faces the raging fire, with the calm brain, makes the accurate logical inference, she won 50 points for the Georgian sweet orchid smell mufti- schools.”
He is also sensitively excited reddens all over the face, she is somewhat shy, lowers the head buries continually in the crook of the elbow. Georgian sweet orchid smell many students have been wild with joy, start to jump up and down at the table, the general situation has decided that they won.
“Third, Harry Potter.” Dumbledore's voice appears is serious, the assembly hall also becomes the silencing silent, “he showed the dauntless guts, with the courage of never submitting. He won 60 points for the Georgian sweet orchid smell.”
The shout, the howling, the noise had arrived at the apex. Solely is not because the standard sweet orchid smell obtained the school cup much, but is they are making the history, testimony history, the score of school cup already high to an unprecedented situation.
Dumbledore lifted the hand, the assembly hall is also gradually peaceful.
“ Fourth,
George Solos, he created the Hogwarts in history the best newborn result. Meanwhile, he showed the condition of Hogwarts most outstanding student, therefore, he won 150 for Latin Crowd. “ Dumbledore said an inconceivable score. The assembly hall exploded again, everyone was soon insane, previously three people of awarded marks are much higher, now unexpectedly also some people
Obtains such inconceivable score, since this has been Hogwarts is founded has never had. They witness too many history today, even the clear student, wants to calculate how many school grades three percentages George does obtain this year? 350 is more?
“Finally” Dumbledore is smiling.
, Everyone could not have borne unexpectedly curiously, besides George's inconceivable, will have any inconceivable matter to continue to happen today.
“ Courage has many types, facing the enemy, we need the excellent guts, unyielding will, but wants to maintain the standpoint before the friend, similarly needs the extraordinary courage. Therefore, Mr. Seville Long bottom won a Dumbledore face smile to say for the Georgian sweet orchid smell.
Dumbledore said that but everyone's cheering and celebration may not have, in the assembly hall is having explosion one after another probably, the standard sweet orchid smell fell into the cheering by fits and starts sea.
Harry, He is sensitive, Owen stood got up to shout loudly. Only then during Nervy also falls into is being pleasantly surprised, in addition this time 20 points, he gained before completely for the score that the school deducted. This is the fearful score that previous has a dream cannot think, he achieved unexpectedly.
Harry is cheering, he held suddenly Owen with the elbow, later referred to Maria, the Maria whole face is pallid, probably was displayed the whole body fetter incantation, is stiff looks like a stuffed dummy.
But at this time, assembly hall these green colored ribbon silks, turned into the new red entirely, golden color. The giant Skye Bring snake disappeared, displaces to present powerful standard sweet orchid smell mufti- lions.
Shape awkward teaches to shake hand with Maine, Harry also saw him. Harry read from his vision, their hatreds will also continue to continue, but he has no longer been afraid.
George continues gracefully is drinking the fruit juice, “very good night, not?” He is saying near Kate's ear low voice.
After the evening banquet, the time passes fast, quick is the announcement of score on the test. Harry and Owen passed the test by the outstanding result, this is not unexpected, He naturally also maintained study the tyrant consistent level of sensitively, George is only poor. Even Nervy also performs well, especially his herbal medicine study, relatively speaking, his demon pharmacy is quite weak, perhaps is relations that because Professor Shape attended class.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 60 summer vacation arranges not so is also joyful the matter to have, although March result is not very good, but also arranged at the middle and upper reaches. But Gore that fool, passed the test unexpectedly, it seems like that the request of school is really not high. However, this also has nothing, where after all can the harsh request life be always satisfied.

The summer vacation arrived, their closet have been empty, the clothing admitted the suitcase, immediately must carry off.
On point of departure before, Harry they exchanged a respective summer vacation duty.
“George walks toward me, his face indifferent said to me, Harry, you are scheduled, must kill next Lord Voldemort. You cannot count on the time comes, you can ride the flying broom to go with Lord Voldemort to come a GUI wonderful contest of man.” Harry's imitation to George, causes He keen and Owen the intermittent laughter.
“When Lord Voldemort close to you, your forehead will hurt is heavily engaged, but contemplates charm that can help you resist his.” Harry beckoned with the hand, said then situation. George summer vacation gives his duty is not low, contemplates the technique to cross the threshold, who knows that this needs to spend how much time.
Looks that He keen and Harry's vision turned to itself, Owen also started to recall then scene, “he was also the similar expression, he told me saying that Owen, you know that you were awkward, rash, was sensitive compared with Harry and He, did not seem intelligent.”
Owen is saying, at the same time looked is sensitive to Harry and He, they have not taken pleasure in others'misfortunes smiles.
“Is good because of you not like the Harry that easy vitality/angry, not like the keen proud, you always seem calm, because your brain response is not very always quick. You look, all characteristics, when needed, can turn into the merit, even if the brain is not very quick.”
“However I give your to contemplate the technique, is tailor for you, he called to make you momentarily keep calm, can make your brain transfer is not slow.”
Owen said, rolls the eyes to this present two people. His where could not have seen that He keen could not have endured patiently to smile, even if she holds oneself chin with the hand, but also is biting the tooth, the eye that but the shoulder of that fluctuating, bends, is recounting this these all.
Harry lifted the head, the mouth was blowing the whistling low voice, he has not smiled actually, what did your hand shake?
“His expression has not seemed like so scary, he who you said told me saying that He was sensitive, as a study tyrant, you cannot degenerate is like Harry and Owen.” He keen said here, looked at Harry and Owen eyes quietly.
He sees Harry and Owen sensitively has not been angry, to continue saying that “your head is intelligent, the memory is outstanding, this is your advantage, you need to utilize him well. The strong memory, the flexible brain can bring the strong computing power.”
“This special contemplation technique, can make you maximum use own brain, it can transform the direct strength, I anticipated that you learn some simple no stick at home.”
“, The magic wand got down the trace silk, the minor lives alone, does not permit using the magic. But actually most magic families' sorcerers have the means to avoid this ban, if you do not want to suffer a loss in these months, you must be colored the thoughts on contemplating.”
“These things, George actually has not told me.” Harry somewhat is also depressed, George to the sensitive obvious difference treatment, these important things has not told him.
“Perhaps George fears you to cause trouble, there is a possibility, he knows that we will discuss together, therefore made the arrangement to us alone.” He also felt sensitively oneself obtained the special amenities, but does not want to display, found an excuse for George.
“How can March's summer vacation duty be a matter?” Owen somewhat curious asking.
“ Can be probably, March, you are a smart person, but you have been deficient the opportunity, lacks the strength. But currently they have, can you seize this opportunity? Next semester you must engage in battle face-to-face with Harry, if during summer vacation, the strength enough has not grown,
Waits to be stepped on by Harry in the under foot. “ He thinks sensitively, is studying George's tone. Harry and Owen nod, likely is this appearance.
Their three people during summer vacation, was arranged the different contemplation techniques by George, this wants to come, March also this/should so.
Actually March they are not so lucky, after all they and George have such long friendship, in contemplating the choice of technique, George may be did one's best, helping them discover appropriately, most potential contemplation technique.
As for March, George roughly looked for an also good contemplation technique to him, a standard and exhaustive contemplation training must want. Personal customization? This is how possible, after these may be, March needs to inquire, when needs to seek the explanation compensated service.
Bustled about to one laboriously an all year round student, what but also there is compared with having a vacation can happy? The long summer vacation, happy playing, goes home, each lets leave the students of school to jump for joy delightedly, all the way everyone in chirp.
But not everyone longs for having a vacation, is not everyone, anticipates to go home.
Harry does not anticipate to take summer vacation, he does not anticipate to go home, Harry does not want to leave the school. Like the previous time Christmas vacation, he longs for leaving behind in the school. Even if He is sensitive, Owen, George, they will go home. Even if he no one is accompanying, is only alone, he wants to stay in the school. He does not want to go home, he goes home repugnant, even he does not have the family/home.
Very pitifully, Hogwarts's school regulation, does not allow the student summer vacation to stay in the school. No matter does not prefer, no matter is unhappy, Harry was forced to leave the school.
Is looking at the going far away campus, Harry feels somewhat sadly, even if his side also has Owen, He is sensitive, they are excited, was anticipating sees the family member. They could not have waited to go home, one year of study made them accumulate the remembrance of the family member.
In the school, these are also only quiet at heart, quietly in the mind deep place. But leaves the school, steps the return trip, thinks that immediately must see the family member. All missing, all mood, like the volcanic eruption of backlog, spew out. Burns them unable to repress, burns them at present the raising dense fog, soon sheds tears.
A Harry face envies looks at the keen and Owen, this is the thing that he is unable to realize forever, this is the thing that he longs for forever. Although he knows that oneself was also being loved, in his blood, in his soul is also engraving that person to his love, to his protection. But he will never have a warm bosom in the reality, a broad chest, a solid back.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 61 Harry goes home obviously the side is a schoolmate, is the best friend, at this moment, Harry actually looks like an outsider. Wandering soul that a living a solitary life savage, flutters lonely. He is longing for the sentiment that everyone has, is longing for enthusiasm that everyone has. Also, only had at this time, he can feel itself and everyone is different, he was eventually special.

The train goes rapidly, the village of out of the window is getting more and more verdant, the house on road are getting more and more. The train rolls by cities, even can also see the pedestrian in distant place. Other person on vehicle are getting more and more excited, is getting more and more joyful, only then Harry's heart, is getting more and more cold.
Train arrival, it stopped in the king cross station nine and 3/4 platforms.
The passengers gushed out the train like the tide, like a long line, formed the long line. They need to go out of the platform, one after another, this not because gushes out big group of people suddenly, but was discovered the secret of station by numb Gun.
A Harry person drags difficultly in a friendly way the numerous suitcases are leaving the platform, the person on road toward him greeted, he is responding awkwardly.
Sometimes, not all enthusiasms and good intentions, make people think happy. Some people from Harry side process, greeted toward him unceasingly, “Harry, sees again.”, “Summer vacation is joyful, baud.”, Did not have the eyesight, “goes home joyfully, Harry.”
This makes Harry respond very awkwardly, can't they see him to only have a person?
Different is sensitive from He, Owen, George. They get out some people in the platform, waits for is welcome them to go home. Harry gets out not to see mother's sister's husband Vernon one, this makes Harry relax, cannot bear somewhat loses.
Grainier and his wife hold in each other with He sensitive Grainier, they liked crying.
Owen's mother leads the family person, a little miss, sees Owen to yell. “Mom, he in that Owen in that. Harry Potter, you look quickly.” Is Owen's younger sister In Ni.
What meets George is one selects the mature blonde beautiful woman high, George is seeing her, immediately no longer pays attention to others, left directly.
Harry and Owen, He's sensitive family members greet, does not wait for them to continue to exchange greetings, one person towed the numerous suitcases to go out of the train station.
Left the train station, he called a taxi, “female loyal road 4 Th, thanks.”
“Are you a person?” The full beard, the stature thin and tall driver, helping Harry bring in the trunk the baggage, asking that some do not believe.
“Yes, I must go back now.” Harry low voice replied.
Brings in the trunk the baggage with great difficulty, this makes Harry incomparably long for magic wand in hand time relaxed comfortable, he patted the dust on clothes, got in the taxi.
“Hey, the little fellow, how your family member dares to make your one person take the train alone. This maltreats the minor, they really should be sued.” The driver of whiskers looked at the rear view mirror, face angry saying.
“Thank you, Uncle, but I should go back now.” Harry is looking at out of the window, is responding to the driver uncle's good intention carefully.
Harry did not mind that mother 's sister's husband they have not come to meet him, if OK, he does not even want to see them for a lifetime, he is willing to stay in the school.
“Such guardian was really careless, I had one with you almost big daughter. Is seeing her each time the time, my heart must melt. She goes out each time, I must confirm must repeatedly. Has the teacher to follow, gone local security, takes enough eating and drinks, when makes me meet her.”
Driver uncle steady goes toward female loyal path Shi, drives, while incessant is speaking him and his daughter's story.
Harry looks is being familiar at present and strange female loyal road, there is a feeling of another era alienation.
Just driver uncle was really warm, is saying own daughter all the way incessantly,
Also, has praised a Harry person to go far is really fierce. Simultaneously published an indignation to the Harry irresponsible family member, finally even asked the school that Harry goes, wants to introduce own daughter and Harry knew. Harry is thrown into confusion is dealing with the driver uncle's enthusiasm, he may not have the means to tell the driver uncle, he in one called Hogwarts the wizard school went to school.
Has interrupting of driver uncle, after landing, Harry's mood was also lively. Summer vacation will pass quickly, only needs to cultivate to contemplate the technique with single-hearted devotion, waited to begin school can see everyone.
“Really the hope time to pass a bit faster.” Harry is dragging the heavy box, step by step walks toward the familiar and strange house.
Harry incomparable thinking of Hogwarts, thinks of the stomach to cramp. He carries one cup of water times, will think of the Hogwarts specially-made fruit juice. He is eating the thing time, like drinking something tasteless, is longing for goes back to the school, can talk on the table with the friends with ease. He also remembers the sensitive that brown big eyes, two people talked under the tree happily, probably had unable to say he who thought of the castle in school, thought of these secret passages and ghost ghosts, thought of his curriculum, thought of his training. Thinks of He to be sensitive, thinks of Owen, thinks of George, thinks of Nervy, thought of everyone who he knows.
Thinks of George, Harry turns on the drawer, turned out George to send from the uppermost to his letter/believes. The words on letter/believes are not many, write very succinctly, is George's style. He inquired in the letter/believes Harry contemplates the progress of technique, lets him during the summer vacation, uses some thoughts in contemplating the technique, in the letter/believes also smuggled a 5000 pounds check, making Harry summer vacation not affect the training because of the matter of money.
“He always such attended to every detail.” Harry read several letters/believes repeatedly, the mouth whispered.
Harry lies on the bed, lifts the letter/believes in hand in the head, passes the light to size up, this is he during summer vacation, an only letter/believes that receives.
“Returned to the school, I was certainly better to say Owen and He were sensitive, they summer vacation played happily, reached an agreement to me write obviously.” Harry cautious believe to fold according to the original crease, returns the envelope, 5000 pounds check that in that letter/believes supplements also intact puts, letter/believes like just-received time brand-new.
Harry experiences one day like a year in the day of mother's sister's husband family/home seriously, although this compared with the few years ago, the association/will have been closed in the cabinet good is too many. He learned the magic, the cousin reached the strength not to have the courage to bully him. Present mother's sister's husband, the biggest evil intention also can only raise their sounds, outwardly fierce but inwardly fainthearted threat Harry.
They are fearing him, so long as even Harry mentioned the magic, mother's sister's husband will seem like burnt down the buttocks, immediately is in chaotic situation.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 62 bad life Harry of that day comes back after the station, knocks the gate time, opening the door reaches the strength like damn. Frantic shouting loudly in room, pounds the gate, knocks the floor, falls the thing, cries to make a big row, mother 's sister's husband and maternal aunt are being one are also in chaotic situation.

Finally, was Vernon mother's sister's husband held his suitcase, locked under the staircase that to be small and in the black cabinet it, then like welcoming monster, making Harry enters the door.
Afterward made big pile of stipulations, does not permit Harry to mention any matter about Hogwarts before them, even their magic word, does not permit Harry to mention.
They do not permit Harry to go out, does not permit Harry to make an appointment with the friend, pitiful Hyde Wei is passing through the gate is locked in the basket, Harry can only night let out to fly secretly a meeting it.
But this will be discovered by night owl same mother's sister's husband one each time, then causes one to be in chaotic situation, later is frightening Harry who is a entire family goes forth to battle.
God knows, don't they sleep in the evening? Harry's all baggage were locked in the staircase cabinet, the training that now he can make only then contemplates the technique. But his whole time also truly spent above, do not know that is the time that he spent are much enough, the contemplation technique that George chose really agreed with he, or both had.
He has felt to contemplate the benefit that the technique provides initially, has at least made his energy very abundant, he has chosen every day late at night has made Hyde Wei go out to let in fresh air a meeting, this will also be discovered by mother's sister's husband one each time. Harry even suspected, their family is monitoring him.
Remembers the morning matter, Harry somewhat is indignant, what naturally he is mainly indignant is oneself, “I unexpectedly stupid thinks that they will remember my birthday, this was too laughable.”
“George should remember, he works is so always systematic. Does not know that He keen and Owen can think, they summer vacation have played insanely, a letter/believes has not mailed to me.” Staying that Harry is bored to death in narrow and small garret.
Vernon mother's sister's husband must invite the important guest to eat meal today, Harry must stay in the house, disguises oneself do not exist.
They had talked over the entire two weeks, that rich construction contractor and his wife, will attend the evening banquet of Vernon mother's sister's husband family/home tonight. They may order a number of drilling machines of Vernon mother's sister's husband company, if successful, this large amount of transaction, mother 's sister's husband will make not the poor income to Vernon.
They had even completed the ownership of this income ahead of time, they planned that purchases a villa in Macciocca.
Harry had heard downstairs opening the door sound, he does not dare to make the sound. Because he knows, if he makes noise, Vernon mother's sister's husband meets one to be in chaotic situation, they will put the blame on the business failure to him on certainly, this may not have an advantage to him.
“Perhaps I should move.” Harry holds the head to think, “that 5000 pounds that George mails, enough I use good a while, if only the summer vacation leaves the school these days, perhaps I can use to graduate.”
The idea that this has suddenly, making Harry very excited, he starts to calculate the daily expenses, “I cannot eat many things in Vernon mother's sister's husband family/home, according to six summer vacation calculates, most, only then more than one year of time, 5000 pounds enough I used to graduate.”
But later, Harry grabs the hair, is dejected, “I am only 12 years old, will not have the landlord to rent to me the house, they are seeing me, will immediately report to the police, making Vernon they pick me.”
Britain is a developed modern state, even in 1992, the protection and looking after to the minor, has done very severely. If were seen by others, a 12-year-old child person lives, immediately some people will report to the police.
The guardians will have the lawsuit, but Harry will also feed in the welfare home, this is not he hopes, although the welfare home Vernon mother's sister's husband family/home will not be worse.
Also, is for this reason,
Vernon mother's sister's husband, does not permit Harry and others since childhood communicates. They are hating Harry, but as the legal guardian, they do not have the guts to send to the welfare home Harry, they have to pretend to take care of Harry. If they plan to be a good citizen, a decent person, must disguise oneself have the noble quality, pretended to be glad very much the attendance that the dead family member's children.
This is a gentleman, matter that the family that an honest family, wants to crawl upward must achieve. They are hating Harry, while has to take care of Harry, is afraid such idea to be seen through, being afraid was seen them is not an individual dough figurine. Is afraid is seen, their virulent innermost feelings noble qualities, this has not made them hate Harry.
Harry is bored to death is listening to downstairs sound, while is fantasizing He keen and Owen is making anything. He thought of them, although they have not written to him, forgot his birthday. He wants to turn on Hyde Wei's basket immediately, making it give Owen and He delivers a letter sensitively, tells them, he currently has thinks them. Summer vacation already over the past several weeks, Owen and He did not have the news, Harry to feel sensitively oneself like lost the contact with magic, he makes fun to reach the strength unable to feel the pleasure.
Sometimes if because of the side George's letter/believes, he does not even think that Hogwarts's experience is only a dream. His all baggage of present, the magic wand, the broom, the spell book, he and magic all relations were locked in the dark cabinet under staircase.
This makes him not adapt very much, is very uncomfortable, he compares any other times to long for obtaining the care of friend.
The present matter was far from so being over the previous 11 years bad, but he has obtained the friendship, has obtained joyfully. He cannot live like beforehand, accepts all dreadful things. He had the vigor, had the vitality. He has needed the life of normal person, he needs joyfully is living.
He has seen the light, he cannot continue to return to that also to have the black coldly, lets in cabinet that the person goes crazy.
Suddenly, Harry almost called, on the bed emitted a monster. An ugly fearful small monster, it is growing two bat same big ears, pair of a green eye of prominence occupied 2/3 of face.
“Really ugly.” Harry thinks suddenly, this is peeps in the morning his eye in the garden.
“Do you want to do?” Had undergone the training, let the Harry rapid reaction, he retro ceded to show the posture of defense fast, saw the monster not to attack, grasped the chair conveniently.
That monster careful jumping down bed, humble bowing, the tall and slender nose was about to bump into the rug. Harry noticed on it to put on an old pillowcase, above also several openings.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 63 domestic little elf mufti- ratios

“Said your purpose in coming!” Harry has not put down the chair, although this monster seems like has not planned to attack. But if he dares such negligent putting down chair, once is known by George, he will be punished to gather round the campus to run ten. What is more fearful, he in running, March will certainly follow to ridicule him behind him well.
“Harry Potter!” That monster squawk is calling, downstairs can hear, “mufti- ratios have been hoping sees you, Mister, was exceedingly honored.”
“Do not interrupt, says your purpose in coming.” Harry's voice is disclosing ice-cold, if faces an average person, he like this will not be certainly disrespectful. But braves suddenly, the intention unidentified magic lifeforms, he must protect itself good, especially in he has resolved to resist in the situation of Lord Voldemort.
Harry indifferent as if made that monster find the rhythm finally, it is saying humbly, “mufti- ratios, Mister, I called the mufti- ratios, was the domestic little elf.”
Harry continues this only to be called the mufti- ratios the domestic little elf, he has not opened the mouth. The training that he undergoes told him, this will make the opposite party easier to say the following information.
“The domestic little elf is the slave of master, forever takes care of a sorcerer family, will never violate master's order.” The small monster said.
“Who is your master?” Harry holds the small monster to disclose immediately critical information that closely examines.
The small monster trembled, “, compares cannot say the name of master, they did not know recently here many. Many compared with, because violates master's order, needs to conduct the harsh penalty to oneself, the mufti- ratios must put in the fireplace oneself head.”
Many compared with the penalty makes Harry feel somewhat disgustingly, “you do not dare to say the name of master, you do not come from the friend of mine family/home absolutely. He keen parents were the average person, Owen had said to me their family's information, his family's mouse I knew. George will not have your such subordinate.”
Harry still remembers when the raven that previous time George comes to deliver a letter the scene to him, George pet brings to have his thick individual style, he does not have the choice commonly used owl to take the messenger. But is using a raven, the look has been lifelike, as if becomes a ghost the same raven.
Harry eyes can see, the raven body has the thick George's individual style, George's individual mark. Although he likes his Hyde Wei, but has to acknowledge, George's raven was too truly graceful.
In Harry raises begins the stool, footsteps slowly moves to the gate, does not dare to relax slightly vigilantly, the present small monster not from any families that he is familiar with.
“The domestic little elf is host family's slave, will not defy host family's orders. Since you not from my friend family/home, then biggest possibly from my enemy family/home, you don't dare to say the name is Lord Voldemort?” Harry said that while drew close to the gate.
Once the small monster has the action, he to/clashes to go downstairs immediately, puts out the magic wand, at this time could have ignored any ban.
The small monster covers the ear with the hand, “, Mister, let alone that name, let alone that name!”
“Bang” Harry's fierce shoving open gate, fierce closing the door, was then insane to result to going downstairs, he also bumped into Vernon mother's sister's husband in going downstairs.
Vernon is angry very much, he is telling a splendid story in downstairs, is talking about the essential place, was actually broken by Harry. He knows that he must warn boy who this does not know the good and evil. “You think that whose you are eating, whose drinks, your damn thing that no one wants.”
Vernon is lowering the sound, walks toward Harry, where can Harry manage this fatty to make what at this time? The domestic little elf of Lord Voldemort family/home killed, he must attain the magic wand, he must prepare the opportunity to escape. He shoves open Vernon, does obeisance George's the good meals of nutritional agents and school bestows, Harry has grown into -and-a-half young fellows.
Although returned to the female loyal road is also thin recently, but may be big after the body strength of training, at this time he was anxious and feared that which also worries about other. One advances Vernon mother's sister's husband in the place, later before Harry rushes to the cabinet under staircase immediately, broke open the glass, pulled off own baggage.
When the magic wand in the hand, Harry's heart stood firm a point finally, the domestic little elf of that Lord Voldemort family/home, has not chased down.
Vernon mother's sister's husband dull sitting on the ground, his face is inconceivable, how does this boy dare? Although he disappeared last year for a year, came back later to turn into a fearful sorcerer, but he was also only an 11-year-old little rascal.
How does he dare? This little rascal displayed recently is that spiritless, like over the previous 11 years, beat and scolded no matter how, he can only withstand. Usually in this little rascal has also been scolded, does not dare to revolt, but how does he dare now? In Vernon heart an anger, almost the strategic place killed this little rascal, this dares to defy own little rascal.
Vernon has not stood with enough time, looks that Harry before the malicious ghost rushes to the cabinet under staircase suddenly, a face fiercely broke open the glass, pulled off own box, put out a shiny black stick.
Vernon's full anger, one vanished. He felt that oneself like in the midsummer, was sprinkled one entire barrel also to bring the melted snow of ice dregs. His anger has not vented, seemed drawn black hole, vanished thoroughly. He only thought that has one bucket of melted snow to drench the foot from the beginning, not only the whole body feels cold, ice dregs stabbing pain his skin.
He recalled himself deeply to bury at this time finally at heart that most fearful fear, “he is the monster, even if only 11 years old, the monster may not have the division of age.”
He finally is also fearful for oneself previous behavior feeling, regrets, “how I will arrive to annoy this monster stupidly, he will turn into the roasting pig our family, then a blade cuts, eating one after another.”
At once, the room is completely silent.
Vernon only felt that at present leads the small fellow of eyeglasses to turn into the devil, perhaps how he is considering to massacre us. Thinks of here, Vernon does not dare to make any sound. He only hopes, this monster was attracted the attention by other thing.
Reaches the strength to see own father to sit on the ground, he wants to go forward to hold him to get up, but he saw Harry, he can only fear of tight shrinking in the corner tremble, he does not dare to go forward.
Reaches the strength to know, before this time Harry no longer is, Suzuki bean Ding who can insult at will. He disappeared last year an all year, comes back from emaciated Suzuki bean Ding, had turned into a vigorous and healthy half young fellow. His forehead that exactly the same scabs, the same black frame eyeglasses, reached the strength almost unable to recognize him.


But Chapter 64 George's gift several weeks after this, he did not have the means like to bully Harry again over the previous 11 years. That once Suzuki bean Ding, had turned into a fearful sorcerer, this sorcerer always mouth whispers is reciting the incantation. Reaches the strength to believe, he is looking for himself the opportunity to turn into a pig, meets his monster has made like that.

Aunt does not know how now should do, this is not they in the morning a row of good program. The program that they arrange in the morning is Vernon acts the hospitable master, reaches the strength to act the lovable obedient child, she acts the industrious capable housewife. But that monster peaceful staying in room, did not make a sound, the life like last year one all year round happy.
But now, she takes the drilling skillful script, actually as if went astray the square. Family's masters dull sitting on the ground, that monster was running, but also pulled out the horrifying weapon. This is really a nightmare, she felt that a mind dizziness, only wants to wake earlier.
Mr. Mekong and his wife looked that the host family as if had the accident/surprise, for a while does not know how should deal, has honest is working as a peaceful guest.
In Harry hand grabs the magic wand, is guarding against the small monster in building carefully. Vernon is guarding against Harry. Mekong and his wife peaceful sitting on sofa.
“Thump thump, thump thump” knock broke the peace in room, reaching the strength seemed like reminded was the same, he rushed to open the gate, wanted to clash. Afterward he was shot, he hit in person, was shot.
He sits on the ground, the hands and feet uses, unceasing in the future will be shrinking, he seemed to be frightened by person.
Person walked, Mekong and his wife as far as eyes can reach, what came from out of the door was not a fearful person. Even is it can be said that genial, appearance delicate man. Appears some not too same place only, probably is the appearance delicate face, was joined to the robust stature.
The male stride walked, observed the situation toward the room, opens the mouth saying that “Harry! Your relative also is really the enthusiasm.”
Harry is guarding against the monster in building at this time with single-hearted devotion, sudden the familiar sound that made one unable to believe transmits from the back, was George's voice.
Harry face inconceivable turning the head, was looking that the meeting appearance is delicate, robust man.
“I only planned to offer a gift, but my grandmother heard that the friend of mine must celebrate a birthday, compelling me to catch up.” George's helpless shrugging, the grandmother and Anna always seemed to think that he will unable to make the friend, originally only plans to prepare a gift ahead of time, finally was compelled to deliver by them unexpectedly personally.
“You can come to see me, is the best gift.” Harry voice somewhat sobbed, wiped the eye with the sleeve, slowly walks.
“Happen to your thing here, I bring the gift that you have a look at me to give you to prepare.” George saw the surrounding person different complexions, in the heart has several points to guess, walked to help Harry take up the box.
“Em, wait/etc., my Hyde Wei.” Harry was saying walked toward the building, walks in the halfway suddenly, although George came, but in the building the monster does not know that ran away.
George looks that Harry stopped suddenly, a hand relaxed is raising the box, with, “also had what need thing, carries off completely together, I gave you to prepare the new house.”
“House?” Harry is somewhat inconceivable, he thought that his ear has problems.
“Considering you were 12 years old, as the young fellow who must grow up immediately, you should have own house, this entertains the friend well.” George raised the box to step onto the garret, “considered that your whole time may stay in the school, new house temporarily in female loyal road 18 Th.”
“Female loyal road 18 Th?” Harry followed George to enter oneself bedroom, that small monster has run away.
Harry remembers the female loyal road 18 Th place,
That is on this street the best building, close to a Nashua Avenue, a newly-built small villa. “What has to need to prepare?” George sized up a garret, a gloomy narrow space, he puts out a hand to touch the ceiling.
“Without, took my Hyde Wei to be good.” Harry goes forward to work to turn off Hyde Wei's basket.
George went forward to open the window, has taken the basket from Harry hand, without the unnecessary movement, the basket opened automatically, Hyde Wei launched the wing, flew following the window, “it may probably be closed seriously badly.”
Harry's tracing back of the head embarrasedly, “Vernon mother's sister's husband they about magic all, cannot I mention any phrase about magic repugnant. These days, Hyde Wei has been closed in the basket.”
“Good, finally is looking here, you later will not come to here again.” A George face is indifferent, raises the box to walk toward downstairs.
Harry has not turned head, following of no recall in George behind.
Vernon mother's sister's husband had crawled from the ground, he and reaches the strength, Aunt like waiting for the interrogated criminal. Dejected standing near gate, is waiting for Harry's punishing.
“Does Harry, what you want to say?” George asked that he planned that gave Harry the decision-making power.
“No, we walk.” Harry does not have to yearn, only wants a quicker point leaves here.
“Some procedures must walk.” George pulls out a document from oneself body, forces in Vernon's suit, “this is replaces guardian's legal notice about Harry Potter, contains Harry these 11 years of child support payments, finally is one about Harry Potter when being adopted, for a long time receives the hospital appraisal explanation of maltreatment.”
“I had hired the attorney, Jones Douglas, as for whether sues, this will be made the decision by Harry.” Out George leads Harry to go out, supplemented, “later Harry will live at female loyal road 18 Th, allows you to appear in the five kilometers range of his line of sight, I will give careful consideration.”
As George and Harry approach in the curtain of night, Vernon mother's sister's husband finally weak on the ground, the friend of this that little rascal, has not pulled out a magic wand finally directly, their long breathing a sigh of relief.
But Vernon had no way to continue quickly happily.
Mr. Mekong has stood, although his matter to today's, but also somewhat cannot feel the mind. However, many years of commercial minds, making him at least know that present has made the big trouble. Especially when he hears, Jones Douglas's name.
“That is eats the person not to spit the disputing stick of bone.” He one side is thinking like this, mouth actually full mouth friendliness.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The Chapter 65 brand-new life “virtue thinks of the ritual mister, thanks you today warm hospitality, but time already some late. My wife and I, do not continue to disturb, we first went back.” Mr. Mekong said, own wife half step was arriving at out of the door on drawing.

Looks at also the dull family of three, Mr. Mekong stopped the moment at this time, could not bear supplement, “Jones Douglas was called “ haircut ghost” the renowned attorney, without lawsuit that he could not win. In his proxy, with the defendant who he faces, finally obtained the highest discretion of punishment. “
Also, does not wait for Vernon one to respond, Mr. Mekong has his wife half step to depart.
Is listening to the Meson final words, the mood that Vernon just returned to normal blasted out. Sees only his complexion to be white by the red revolutions, by white turned black, is been green by the black revolutions, his today's complexion day of change, compared favorably in the past for a year.
He is shivering both hands, fishes out in the suit is clamping document, careful glancing through. The dim light, according to not the big character, making him probably stare the big eye with effort.
His face almost pasted above the document, the clean white paper was rubbed the gloss by his forehead, he read one line, “maltreatment family member, plot bad shall be sentenced to no less than five-year, no more than ten-year prison term, and may be suitable for the simultaneous punishment for several offenses.”
Recalled again just Mekong mentioned, obtained the highest discretion of punishment with the defendants who Jones Douglas faces. Vernon one breath wells up the brain, the chest resembles is pressing a giant stone, has not gasped for breath, he opened the mouth, faints. Aunt is seeing this scene, only thought that the nightmare has not awoke, now is certainly having a dream, thinks, collapsed on the ground.
Only then reaches a strength face to be flustered, helpless, he is thrown into confusion looks for pot water, sprinkles on his parents face. Immediately causes a scream, flurried between the wrong took the boiling water, is one is in chaotic situation.
George leads Harry to arrive at female loyal road 18 Th.
“I did not understand that gives the gift, does not have time flower too many thoughts, but I know the feeling of living under subjugation does not feel better.” George mentioned these, the memories of some remote ancestors also appeared in the mind.
Ancestors time, he just the university graduated, starts to work. Looks for the work time, is meeting the Chinese economy to start to stagnate, works to be difficult to look, the treatment is also bad. The house price is actually the Chinese whole nation hype, is in the global forefront, takes the income of third world, lives to surpass the first world price the house.
A month of income, after removing a narrow and small single room, can only maintain reluctantly. Thinks that the change of this whole life, seriously is this first, other first.
“Considering your later most of the time in school, does not have the time to return to here, I am also disinclined to find a better place, now it was your.” George fishes out one bunch of keys from the body, gave Harry.
The receiving key that Harry shivers, he knows that this is not quite appropriate, in again family/home that but he really does not want to return to Vernon mother's sister's husband, “this was too precious.” The sound that he uses to shiver, is conducting final is struggling.
“When pays in advance your wage ahead of time, after graduating, arrived at my company to go to work is good.” George does not care about finally Harry whether really needs to go to work to his company, now at this time, only needs to smile was good, only needed one to make everyone happy reason good.
“Money is really a good thing.” Looks that Harry takes one bunch of keys, actually like lifting a box, staggering along opened the door. George also has the feeling, when he most starts to make the money is also this, although later money slowly is not so important to him.
But he always knows, always remembers, money is really a good thing, without money is very uncomfortable.
Money perhaps is not multipurpose, but does not have money truly unable. No matter tracks down the dream, is the withstand risk, money is essential. Like present Harry, like once George, a sum of money took to him to be possible not only to be only the digit of money. Is being close that vainly hopes,
Being far away of misery. No matter in the aggrieved depressed previous generation, is high-spirited this life, George never with self-deception with false aloof from worldly affairs, will ridicule money.
Money Dan gran cannot buy all things that you hope, but money can make you reject all your repugnant things. Tracks down the dream, resists the misery, you almost can spend money to lead to any place, you can handle a lot with it.
About money, must be denounced only perhaps only then resorts to all means that chooses through hurting others 's way money-making money.
In addition, reasonable legitimate money-making, is not vulgar, accuses others mercenary spirit, is the biggest evil, the biggest vulgarest.
“On July 31, 1992 this was perfect a day, this was my for 12 years the most perfect birthday.” Harry writes in the notebook.
“Mr. Potter, you should get down to have dinner.” A middle-aged woman of red hair shouts in downstairs.
Her name was Barbara Bruckner, lived in the genial housewife of female loyal road, now she was invited by George for the maid who to take care of Hair often lived. She during Harry takes care of Harry throughout entire summer break.
But is most essential, what is also is most important, Harry got rid of Vernon mother's sister's husband one finally happily. Lord knows he happy, in front of him more than ten years in female loyal road harvest all merry, in addition did not have to be happy yesterday evening.
“Really is a mysterious birthday, like last year.” Harry mouth whispered, then put down the pen in hand, walked from the bedroom, let the person waiting is not polite.
Obviously is only day of time, Harry some feeling of another era feeling, or because only has day of time. This rapidness of too matter, extremely pleasantly surprised, is extremely joyful.
Yesterday a whole day no one paid attention to Harry, even to evening, Vernon mother's sister's husband family/home evening banquet time. He must use under the pitiful food pad ahead of time the belly, then an entire evening must the little darling probably hide in the building gloomy the garret. He must disguise oneself do not exist, the guest who in order to avoid being invited by downstairs evening banquet discovered, affects discusses the business Vernon mother's sister's husband.
Perhaps when finally the guest leaves, he must go downstairs to clean up, tidies up the remnant soup dirty water of room. But in fact on this day is his birthday, he will cross his 12 Th birthday like this.
Perhaps this is not any bad matter, after all regarding very many people, the birthday is not what important matter absolutely, is not the happy matter. At least previously more than ten years of Harry also thinks that his birthday is not the happy matter absolutely.
But last year birthday time, matter changed, Harry when last year birthday, welcomed the opportunity of change destiny. When the birthday, he ran into last year, he received Hogwarts's admission notice. He knows own life experience, he opened the brand-new life on that day.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 66 guarded against him to go to Hogwarts, learned many magics, he also knew many friends. Finally, summer vacation time, he has to leave the school that he likes, situation that returns to live under subjugation. This contrast makes him very uncomfortable, this contrast makes him very sad, this contrast makes him almost insane.

He thinks that oneself has seen the light, later will welcome the happiness, but he was wrong. In the day of Vernon mother's sister's husband family/home, he returned to the total darkness past, he has to continue like an abandoned dog lives.
He almost becomes crazy, only what he can do is only the unceasing training contemplates the technique, only contemplates, can let the place that he found himself to control. His all contacts with magic, his spell book, his magic wand, his flying broom, was closed in the staircase cabinet.
He and magic entire lost the contact, he even has no way to receive He keen and Owen's letter.
Thinks that He keen and Owen's letter, Harry somewhat rebukes oneself, “I should not suspect that Owen and He is sensitive, they are I best friends, George.”
He had learned from George there, Owen and He keen mailed many letters to him. Especially Owen, he is believing to invite repeatedly, making Harry goes to his home the summer vacation. But very much what is a pity, Harry has not received.
“Is that damn small monster.” Harry responds immediately, is the small monster of Lord Voldemort family/home, he is not only monitoring Harry. Also, claimed Harry's friend to the letter/believes that he mails, let the Harry entire vacation and outside world lost the contact. Also, only then George's messenger, that intelligent raven, evaded the method of that monster.
“Do not let me see that small monster again, I will cramp to skin it.” In Harry look flashes through together the cold glow, a terrible idea appears in the mind.
“It is not right, I should not have such terrible idea, massacred directly is good.” Harry shook the head, suffers the idea of enemy to be somewhat anxious for oneself.
“George said that I practice contemplating the technique is too industrious recently, in addition crosses not happily, some were extremely anxious, affected the recent mood. Let me stop to contemplate the technique recently temporarily, happen to after coming back, does not have the opportunity to review the textbook, happen to took advantage of these days under the review the schoolwork.”
Harry is having dinner, while thinks under and other schoolwork also to have George.
George listens to Harry to mention, the female loyal road presented the domestic little elf of Lord Voldemort family/home, intercepted He keen and Owen gives his letter. Also, attempts, when Harry birthday, attacks him.
Provides against contingencies, George by oneself raven in nearby street guard, was searched high and low the trail of that small monster. He tries to prepare some traps ahead of time, holds or kills that small monster.
The domestic little elf is not good to cope, they in the ancient times, had resisted with the sorcerer. Finally, was actually conquered by the sorcerer, becomes the slave of sorcerer. In the ancient times the magic has the astonishing destructive power, can naturally unable to be simple with the race that the sorcerer resisted. But can be selected by the ancient sorcerer, as a family's slave, the domestic little elf naturally has the forte.
As one inborn magic monster, they have the fearful magic affinity inborn, this fearful magic affinity also above sorcerer. They even, in similar Hogwarts this, have the special place release of powerful magic limit to move to the shape to trade the shadow.
This enables them almost to appear in any place, they can become the best killer, the best bandits and thieves. This fearful ability, in process that in resists with the sorcerer, has killed many outstanding sorcerers.
But is good because, the inborn charm also stirred badly their brains, the intelligence quotient of domestic little elf was very low. Even if were regarded the slave, they can do mainly is still clean, cooking, difficultly, only then burglary and murder.
The issues of other need brains, cannot give them to do absolutely, they will do very badly all. George never hopes that sees a domestic little elf in own family/home,
That simply was too bad. George was being surrounded the female loyal road careful detection by oneself raven, has achieved nothing. “Like Harry, is seeing the domestic little elf outside the room, guarantees does not have the good deed certainly.” His mouth is muttering.
At night the domestic little elf of Lord Voldemort family/home has not appeared, is flying the blue-green sedan, entered George's line of sight.
“Hi, George!” Owen and Fred flew toward George, automobile careful stopping before George's body.
Owen rented to crawl from the vehicle door, “George, you here, you come to see Harry? You see Harry not to have, does he have an accident? I wrote 12 to believe him not to reply me to him.”
Harry suddenly disappears without a word, making Owen extremely be worried, especially yesterday or Harry's birthday. He had not received Harry's message, this makes Owen feel not wonderful, today finally cannot repress with Elder Brother Fred stole family's car(ridge), caught up.
Also, without seeing Harry, Owen was first seeing sways George who here, is in the heart one tight, immediately runs over, wants to know whether Harry had/left the accident/surprise. Harry met some accidents/surprises recently, but does not have the important matter, his letter/believes was intercepted by a domestic little elf, makes concrete you to ask he himself. “ George first comforted Owen, later also asked that “do you want to take Harry to go to your family to pass the summer vacation?”
“Naturally, I invited his 12 times, although he has not possibly received, but I when he tacitly approved. Now my car(ridge) starts, he does not count on can reject.” Owen both hands make a fist, the oath must bring back to the family/home Harry.
“Right, George you, since also here, must go to my family to have a look. My mother also wants to invite you to go to my family early to have a look, she to your, the person who creates Hogwarts track record is much more curious.” Owen only thought that the training contemplates the technique, really has very major role.
He does not have to think own brain can also transfer such quickly, immediately, thinks in also invited to go home the excuse George.
George hesitated the moment, looks at a Owen face anticipation the expression, “also good, our called Harry.”
Although George before, had not gone to the idea of Owen family/home, but since caught up, is not good to reject. To be honest, he in situation to Owen family/home, has very big curiosity.
Owen Wesley one, in entire magic is very special one. Said accurately, their mothers are special. Said accurately, the children of Madame Wesley were really many, Owen had five elder brothers, a younger sister.
George is very curious, if in Wesley family/home the economic situation is better, how many brothers and sisters Owen can be many? In George opinion, this is very likely, moreover he is glad to facilitate this possibility very much.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The equality of the sexes of Chapter 67 magic on the other hand, Wesley family/home children are not only numerous, each children, but also is the top students in school. These in other person of eyes, perhaps are only some small things. But includes entire magic in the vision, even in the George eye of the whole world, Wesley whole family is extremely unusual.

This not commonly special? If Jeangeorges chooses a person as Hogwarts's principal. George will not take a liking to Dumbledore one eyes. He the ballot that all can operate, throws to Madame Wesley completely.
George some are incomprehensible, how magic neglects Wesley one, then obvious difference?
In fact, entire British magic population, altogether 3000 people. But according to the situation in hemp melon world, this does not gather the common sense extremely.
First, magic not large-scale chaos caused by war, in fact, even if more than ten years ago the person who the oppressive rule period of Lord Voldemort, died truly are not many. After all the magic population base are too few, if Lord Voldemort dares like the careerists in hemp melon world restless, only requires several weeks of even several days of time, the person of entire magic died cleanly.
No matter what kind of careerist, does not hope finally, oneself can only rule some any cat flatter dogs.
Next, the life span of sorcerer is very long, a healthy sorcerer, can live with ease over 100 years old, over 200 years old. If so inclined, they have many methods to prolong oneself life span.
Again then, the baby in sorcerer world, rarely die young. Different from the hemp melon world daily busy, has the convenient charm, even the most common sorcerer family, in the housework and life, very early is convenient and automates.
This makes the sorcerer family have enough time attendance child, simultaneously sorcerer family's youngest son, guaranteed the sorcerer family's investment to the children regards as important specially. Hogwarts will let all 11-year-old sorcerers, enters the school to study, once grasped some basic magics, the young sorcerers were more difficult dead.
Also, does not have the major war, large-scale death. It is not the mean lifetimes is short, the mortality rate is high. Does not have any die young, regarded men as superior to women, buries the child. The sorcerer world maintains, such low population density?
Finally, George passes through numerous historic information, drew a very interesting conclusion, the sorcerer world low population density, the biggest reason unexpectedly because of extremely equality of the sexes.
George once many assumptions, he comes up with the hypothesis, while verifies through the historic information. George had once supposed the mean lifetimes, the mortality rate, the mortality, but these do not affect the factor.
Finally, affects the sorcerer world population the biggest reason, unexpectedly is extremely the equality of the sexes, caused low birth rate.
Has saying that sorcerer world the concept of equality of the sexes, going far beyond the hemp melon world are too many years. Has the strength to have the right to speak. Different from the hemp melon world, until modern times, in technological progress, after liberation productive forces, experienced the feminist movement of pursue equal rights, the equal rights activity.
The female sorcerer of magic, does not need to experience the equal rights movement of hemp melon world, does not need to experience to strive for women's rights such action. They grasp the charm inborn, does not lose to any male, they grasp the strength inborn.
Because although likes in the difference from custom, magic political figure, is primarily the male. But when the girl can also become the sorcerer, even is the powerful sorcerer. No matter the society, the female position phenomenally is at home powerful. At this time did the sorcerer think the harem in groups? To regard men as superior to women? That daydreams seriously.
Like the modern society, there is an equality of the sexes, had the good contraception, the youngest son is also the inevitable result. The sorcerer world, no one own life, will treat as the work of reproduction. The average people so, the sorcerer of being conceited cannot so.
In magic, that special tall Shuaifu, “really” life winner. Nicole Lever, he also only has a wife.
So long as he wants, endless gold, unlimited money, endless life span. Even magic sorceress, still for his heart movement, even may accept his three wife four concubines. But in more than 600 years of life, Nicole Lever this true life winner, true tall Shuaifu, not only has a wife, even children do not have.
Regarding entire magic, the birth, the multiplication, is the matter that special no one is interested. In this case, has the big group of children, and nurtures Wesley that them matures, appears specially the strange, special difference.
Harry is raising the box pan tingly, caught up hasty.
In order to avoid being seen by others, George has not made Owen open his to dazzle the cool automobile to fly female loyal road 18 Th. There has approached a Nashua Avenue, was seen by the passing pedestrian very much easily, this will cause the huge stir obviously.
George was informed Harry by oneself raven, making him take the complete baggage, Harry leaves behind the note then to bring the big box to Barbara Bruckner, slid quietly.
Owen walked up, gave Harry a numerous hug, “, the waiter, I may be worried dead you. I mailed 12 letters to you, you have not replied in writing to me, I scared, oneself came simply.”
Harry runs over, did not have slow the tone, was closely grasped by Owen. He loosens the box, where stands some little time, catches one's breath, “I am sorry, I met some troublesome, all my letters back and forth were intercepted by a monster.”
In George the premise Harry's box, is admitting the trunk of automobile, seated the automobile copilot, then looks to Harry and Owen, “first boards, walks while said that be not discovered.”
Owen and Harry sat the back row, the automobile lifted off slowly, rapidly high, Hyde Wei also cheerful is gliding around the automobile back and forth.
At this time, Owen impatient asked toward Harry, “how was a matter?”
Harry then all processes, said entirely, he was treated by Vernon mother's sister's husband one indifferently. Birthday time met the domestic little elf of Lord Voldemort family/home, a monster named mufti- ratio, it not only intercepted Harry's letter, but also tries to attack him. George came later luckily, he also had the new house.
Harry said, in the car(ridge) fell into the quite long some time silence.
“These days, really had too many matters, but all were good.” Owen tone heavy is saying slowly, he has not thought that Harry these weeks, had so many matters. He looked at George, “George, you gave Harry a perfect birthday.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 68 guessed “after he graduates, must on the flower ten years work for me for this reason.” George relaxed saying.

“Hahahaha” everyone laughter.
“Is that small monster mufti- ratio, really the domestic little elf of Lord Voldemort family/home? Lord Voldemort disappears now, whose instruction should it listen to?” Fred vision is gazing at Harry, raised a question.
“This I do not know that monster cannot say the name of master. Carefully do not say, it has liquor go to one's head to hit the wall immediately.” At this point, Harry stopped, continued to recall then scene, “after was I guessed correctly the name of Lord Voldemort, it screams was saying, do not say this name.”
Fred silent moment, says, “, is actually so ascertainable, that is the domestic little elf of Lord Voldemort family/home. Also, may be others send it to prevent you to return to the school, or makes fun of you, do you have other personal enemy in the school?”
“Has.” Harry and Owen spoke of one voice.
“Draco Malay.” Harry explained, “we were the schoolmates, he hated me.”
“Draco Malay, is his father Lucius March?” Fred turns around to look at George.
“Right, they are the fathers and sons.” George has turned the head to look to Harry, “Lucius is the trusted aide of Lord Voldemort, Lord Voldemort runs muck, his supreme headquarters in the Maria manor.”
“March family/home is rich, once was the supreme headquarters of Lord Voldemort, their family/home definitely raised many domestic little elves. These little elves when Lord Voldemort also when obeys the order of Lord Voldemort, now obeys Lucius's order.” Harry had found oneself two enemies, links clue.
“Also has the possibility, Lucius is contacting with Lord Voldemort now, is conducting the plot.” Owen supplements anxiously.
In the car(ridge) is the good long some time silence.
“OK, first leave alone Lucius, Lord Voldemort, their domestic little elves, making us chat other things.” George first broke the deadlock, “these things have no way to be solved immediately, temporarily only then enhances vigilance.”
“Had so many matters, I could not have helped, but I was very happy, we meet you today.” Owen is patting Harry's shoulder, the beforehand vacation, Harry really crosses may not be easy, Owen looks for Harry's wise decision to be proud for oneself today.
“A letter/believes has not returned to me, I was really anxious. From the beginning I also think that is my Hello has problems, it was somewhat old, will sometimes knock up in delivering a letter. I want to borrow Hermes...”
“Who?”
“After Percy was elected the class president, the parents give that owl that he buys newly.” Fred explained to Harry.
“But Percy is not willing to lend me unexpectedly!” Owen somewhat discouraged saying, “he was too mean-spirited, I later have to make Hello deliver to believe to George, George gave me to reply in writing actually quickly, his raven was really charming.”
Owen envying the vision turned to George of copilot, that raven really made him like, Percy's Hermes were too intelligently many, were too fiercely many, good too more than his Hello.
“Actually I rather telephone, the messenger was too easy to be intercepted, therefore I trained a raven specially, but cannot guarantee that it can evade several interceptions.” George shrugs, the raven was fiercer than the owl, only but if he can have the means to enable the raven to grasp enough many magics, otherwise these messengers were far less than a telephone no matter what, a message.
“What telephone?” Fred and Owen face curious asking, that called the mysterious lifeforms of telephone, unexpectedly was the George's raven good messenger.
“It is not the mysterious lifeforms, is numb Goalie one communication facilities, they are convenient, can transmit the sound, is the same on the image plane opposite speech.” Harry saw that Owen and Fred want to miss, beckons with the hand, dancing with joy gives them to explain.
Looks explanation how no matter Harry dances with joy,
Owen and Fred having no way clear cell phone is anything, George had a strange feeling. “I pass for two days to deliver several cell phones to come, so long as in the school special condition, usually in relation cannot use the cell phone like this, the owl is not really convenient.” On George face has the strange happy expression, has a practical joke idea, must popularize the telephone to Owen family/home, such Owen later can make the telephone gruel with Harry.
“I pass for two days to deliver several cell phones to come, so long as in the school special condition, usually in relation cannot use the cell phone like this, the owl is not really convenient.” On George face has the strange happy expression, has a practical joke idea, must popularize the telephone to Owen family/home, such Owen later can make the telephone gruel with Harry.
“That was good, later we can with the telephone communication, this not fear the owl that delivers a letter will be intercepted.” Harry excited saying, most recent several weeks that type and magic loses the feeling of relation, he does not want to undergo.
Listened to Harry to say the convenience and advantage of telephone, Owen and Fred were also eager to try, is thinking the cell phone that George said can deliver earlier.
“Did you drive your father to know the automobile?” Harry thought of an essential issue.
“, He does not know, he must work overtime tonight, hopes that we can advance the garage the car(ridge) quietly, will not be discovered by my mother.” Owen's tone seems very ordinary, as if he usually handles such matter a lot.
“Which type work does your father do in the magic section?” Harry is somewhat curious asks, does the sorcerer also need to work overtime? Will this affect the operating efficiency?
“He in a very bored department.” Owen tone is somewhat strange, as if not like this work, “forbids to abuse the hemp melon goods division.”
“What?” Harry hears a long string word, is linked to each other did not know completely.
“Forbids to the thing that numb Gun produces, exerts on the magic, fears them by some chance one day, will return to numb Gun the store or is in the family/home, this will cause many troublesome.”
“Like last year matter, the old sorceresses died, her tea set was treated as the antique, sold the antique store. Female numb Gun bought, but also asked the friend to drink tea with it, that was not the happy recollection. My father therefore linked was adding several weeks of class, with forgetting the incantations and other means covered.” Owen remembered some then scene also headaches.
“That may not be really easy.” Harry listens also to think that was big.
“That natural, male was admitted to the hospital, shouted loudly to the doctor and nurse, was saying the teapot can spray water, the pliers can bite. My father is tied up, moreover what is most essential, in the division only then he with another senior sorcerer Perkins, he cannot always make the senior sorcerer work overtime.” Owen mentioned then matter, was a helplessness.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 69 Wesley family/home occupies “that this vehicle humbly?” Harry looks at out of the window, the vehicle that this can fly obviously is the divine creative force of magic.

Fred smiled, “is this, my father because of work reason, was infatuated with the hemp melon related thing. In our family/home piled up with numb Gun the thing, he disassembles them entirely, assembles with the magic. If he also manages our family/home, he can catch himself, my mother for this quick anxious were insane.”
Hears here, George could not bear smile, Mr. Wesley also was really the model of devoting to each trade engaged.
“Arrived main road.” Fred looks at the out of the window familiar scene, said, “we arrived quickly. Moreover, the day was also quick brightly.”
In the horizon, appeared wiped light blushing.
The vehicle continuously reduces under Fred's control, out of the window is the scenery that piece by piece green and glossy paddies and rows of trees compose.
“Our family's nearby in village.” Fred said, “here called Aubrey- St. Cast Csibor”
Automobile rapidly low, Sun had climbed up the treetop carefully.
“Oh, we arrived.” Fred's exciting shouting.
The vehicle lands gently, everyone jumped from the car(ridge), flight after some time, steps on the solid ground, always makes people feel happy.
They now by a worn-out garage, the surroundings is a small courtyard.
The economic situation of Owen family/home is not really good, the courtyard appears very worn-out rough. Before seemed like the pigsty that a stone built, afterward acquired some rooms. The room has several, but is crooked, probably the dependence magic mounts in the same place, is a little scary. On the red roof has four root chimneys, before the room, a sign that hangs is slanting “occupies humbly”, is worthy of the reputation seriously.
By the front door is throwing one bunch of leather boots, a rusty crucible, several brown fat chickens are upon the jump in the courtyard.
“Not much.” Owen somewhat awkward saying, he likes his family/home, likes his family member, but entertains the friend to make him somewhat awkward.
“Here was good.” Harry appears very relaxed cheerful, he atmosphere of family/home likes here disclosing, ancient village wind of countryside.
“Some modeling vanguards, but is very warm.” George thought that here is not bad, if changes the modeling, actually will have the feeling of paradise.
“OK, our going upstairs quietly, do not let the person discover.” Fred has the plan, “and other mothers shouted we have the breakfast time, Owen you running down building that is responsible for jump and jumps, said that Mom, whom you looked at to come! At this time Harry and George came out. She one happy, will not detect that we used the car(ridge).”
“That this.” Owen acts immediately, plans to lead Harry and George goes upstairs, “comes, goes upstairs with me.”
Has turned the head, Owen's face is green immediately, dull is staring at the direction of house.
Madame Wesley walked from the opposite half step, expels the fat chicken everywhere to flee. Usually in benign countenance woman, now just as a tiger that reveals the lackey, the look is particularly scary.
“Oh!” Fred calls out in alarm, was seized present.
Owen lowers the head.
Madame Wesley stops before them, is forking the waist, is pointing at two people single-handedly, is carefully examining them one by one. She wears an apron, the magic wand inserts in the pocket, probably just ran from the kitchen.
“Your courage may be really big.” She is constraining oneself anger.
“We!” Fred raising the head low voice argument.
“Knows that I will have been worried?” Madame Wesley the low and deep sound, letting stands in nearby Harry and George is also fearful and apprehensive.
“Sorry, Mom, is...” Owen apologized low voice.
“ Bed is emptying, has not been seeing the note everywhere. The people did not have, the car(ridge) did not have, I was quick anxiously am insane. The entire evening, possibly had/left the traffic accident, have you thought? I have not run into... Charlie,
Bill, Percy will never make me be worried like this. “ “Model student Percy.” Fred whispered low voice.
“Your this/should much study he, should not be worrying.” Madame Wesley Fred's chest is exclaiming with the private seal, “perhaps you meet do not plunge to death carefully, perhaps will be seen, then also involves on the father.”
Separated for a long time, Madame Wesley until shouted the throat mutely, turned the head.
George walks immediately, “hello/you good, Madame Wesley, Owen and Fred have not left behind the note to you, this was too rash. They should communicate with you beforehand, this will not make you be worried, can gain your help.”
Madame Wesley is listening to George's approval, the complexion was also gentle, “, I am not angry they to go out, but is they do not tell me, this made me to be worried.”
“They should remember this lesson, remembers next time how to process. I and Harry must to you and Owen, Fred express gratitude, they were too rash, but they also helped Harry. Sees you very much happily here.” George Harry, has looked like Madame Wesley to bow together the expression of gratitude. You were too polite, I see you very much happily, dear George, dear Harry. “ Madame Wesley face genial saying, “enters the room to have breakfast,”
She has turned the head, shouts to Owen and Fred loudly, “is studying toward George, you cannot let our province dessert.”
Madame Wesley turns around to return to the room, Fred whispered low voice, “model student George.”
George patted Fred shoulder, selected eyebrow “, if you plan little to suffer teach, everyone comes.”
The kitchen that occupies humbly is very small, seems somewhat crowded, the middle is wood/blockhead tables and several chairs, scratches cleanly. On opposite wall is hanging a clock, does not have the digit, only has an indicator. Should be the place of digit writes, “early tea”, “feeds chicken”, “goes to school to be late” these concrete words.
On the mantel is folding three books ; «Cheese Magic» «Bread Magic» «Magic Evening banquet» the demon model calligraphy and wait/etc. about cooking.
George talked over silently, remembered secretly, “Madame Wesley deeply loved her family very much, including family service.”
George is attempting from the daily detail, analyzes the differences of Madame Wesley and other sorceresses, these details accomplished Wesley one different and others of magic.
George sized up all around carefully, although he was born in magic, but actually did not have many friends, you cannot count on that a soul and child of adult played happily.
Because if not for Harry and the others have the lead status addition, George also is very difficult and 11-year-old child turns in the friend, the grandmother is afraid him not to have the friend, all does not have groundless fears.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 70 Wesley's wife George lacks the security sense, not only displays in does not like the dragon, does not like the dog, does not raise the pet. He to lacking the thing of control somewhat worried, he does not even like the domestic little elf. Further, what ratio bear child more deficient control but also there is?

He can certainly control itself, does not need a spell to waste the bear child. But lets him and child little darling stays together, plays in the same place, that was too difficult.
Therefore, such person, lacks the friend, is not unusual. However, is good because of George does not mind these, has the strength approaching body, wants to become the person of friend too to be really many with him are too many.
Madame Wesley ding dong is making the breakfast, her careless will cut the good sausage to throw into the pan, when is busy will also stare Owen and Fred eyes panting in indignation. The mouth is whispering, “you in want to write anything.” “Makes the person unable to believe.”
George in added one at heart silently, “Madame Wesley deeply loves her family very much, including to complaining of family member.”
“I will not blame you, Harry.” She fries the good sausage to pour into Harry's tray 78, is comforting him, “I and Arthur am also worried about you very much, yesterday evening we also decided that if you did not reply in writing again, we meet you. But.” She toward Harry's tray Riga three novelettes, “had flown half country with an illegal magic automobile, this was too simply bad.”
She then looked at George's build, carries a bigger tray, installed more sausages and more eggs, the end gives George.
George in added one at heart silently, “Madame Wesley deeply loves her family very much, including family member friend.”
Madame Wesley with the magic wand toward a basin point, these pots and pans ding dong cleans gently.
This Jeangeorges at present one bright, added one at heart, “at will in the housework puts forth the silent incantation, housework skilled at the same time, the magic controlling force also strong.”
“Situation is not very wonderful, Mom!” Owen muttered.
“Eating meal time, do not gossip.” Madame Wesley fierce say/way.
“They do not give Harry the food to eat, Mom.” Fred also says.
“You also shut up.” Madame Wesley is saying, looked was also temperate to Harry's expression.
“Severe is not harsh, has not been a guardian.” George looks that this picture talked over, “her children did not fear she, can tell her own innermost thoughts, the family atmosphere was very good.”
At this time, a red hair child of wear spacious pajamas ran in the kitchen, she screamed one, runs immediately.
“Economic situation is very bad, daughter's pajamas are not good-fitting.” George talked over silently, planned to deliver the cell phone time, delivered clothes to come.
“This is In Ni.” Owen was saying to Harry in a low voice, “my younger sister, she is talking over you throughout entire summer break, she is your number-one fans.”
“She also wants your signature, Harry.” The Fred low voice track, he looked at mother one eyes secretly, immediately lays down to continue to eat meal.
The kitchen atmosphere is somewhat tight, everyone picked up the speed of eating meal, sweeps away the tray.
“Quite tired, I first rested.” Fred puts down the tray.
“It is not good.” Madame Wesley brutal saying, “this is you bring upon oneself, one does not rest in the evening, now gives me to go to the garden to eliminate inside goblin, they have been completely out of control.”
“No, mother” Fred sees mother pitiful.
“Do not count on that can beg for mercy.” Madame Wesley is staring Owen and Fred, “completes can sleep.”
She looks to Harry and George, “you can sleep, one has not slept in the evening, you were certainly exhausted.”
Harry looks at George, is somewhat embarrassed, said, “I am not sleepy, I help Owen work together, I have not known that anything is the goblin.”
“ Good child, this to live is very arid.
“ Madame Wesley said, “how I had a look at Lou ha to say especially.” She has turned around, turns out a book from the rack of fireplace.
“Does not use, Mom, we understand how to process the goblin in garden.” Fred is raising head, resigned-looking saying.
What in Vase Riff manpower is fine gaudy thick skin She, the thick title page writes «Gilder Lockhart Special education You To eliminate Family Harmful insect» with the bronzed decorated letter then the entire page layout is a secondary big picture, a big handsome fellow of gold/metal shining eye. The handsome fellow on picture is also lavishing praise, Madame Wesley stares looks down him.
“He is very great, he understood that family's all things, this is a very good book...” Madame Wesley silly smiling.
“Mother worships him very much.” Fred lowers the head said low voice, the ear somewhat blushes, seems somewhat awkward.
“Do not talk nonsense, Fred.” Face of Madame Wesley also red, somewhat embarrassed beckoning with the hand, “hurries to work, since you think the thing that own Built Heart knows are many, when I inspect, if discovered that in the courtyard also has the goblin, I will make you attractive.”
George has walked the gate quietly, complained at heart silently, “Madame Wesley deeply loved her family very much, but still has the young girl heart that liked fantasizing, liked the flashy but lacking substance big handsome fellow.”
A boss as giant bookstore, is well-read in addition, George is not strange to Gilder Lockhart, lets the words that he appraises, “lived in the magic talent amusement Mejia very much pitifully.”
Gilder Lockhart knows very much how by oneself popular, simultaneously he spare no effort fulfills these. He is a not too qualified Latin Crowd, but speaking of the manufacture fame, disseminates influence, he absolutely is an expert.
Although George does not like him, rejoiced that Anna and grandmother do not like Gilder Lockhart book, but has to acknowledge, Gilder Lockhart is a talent, is expert in the manufacture fame, talent who disseminates the influence.
George had even considered and Gilder Lockhart carries out some commercial cooperation, after all this is a magic very well-known character, the key is the price is not high, is not nitpicking, very good welcome. But he dropped this idea quickly, after all magic population, but also is far from needing the situation that uses the celebrity to represent.
Brother Wesley listless arriving garden, walks while complained, once for a while is having the yawn.
The garden is very big, perhaps is not the garden, entire looks like a big courtyard. Here is everywhere overgrown with weeds, the wall is the complicate trees, disorderly growth of strange plant in courtyard. A green pond, the water is not limpidly, often has the frog to fling about.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The law of Chapter 71 rare and beautiful flowers “actually, numb Gun the garden also has the goblin.” Owen said that while lays down the head, looks in peony vigorous turning, the peony branches and leaves shiver all over, the flower petal fell. Then he held anything, pulled fiercely, “looks, is this, like Santa Claus, chubby, but also carries the fishing pole.”

George covers the forehead, Owen has hates Santa Claus! Polygon multiform not only not like Santa Claus, even they do not look like the person. Their bare plump, like a giant cobblestone, can only be counted the person of lifeforms, but the facial features have not been out of balance specially, was more attractive compared with the domestic little elf.
“You need this!” Owen made a demonstration, he is raising the ankle of goblin but actually, lifts the top of the head the goblin, the arm has made an effort to brandish the great-circle, finally fierce facing forward flings, the goblin departs far away, the plump, falls the ground after tree wall, “this will not injure them, this can transfer the corona them, then they could not find the original tunnel.”
“You were too disappointing, I can throw that stump.” A Fred face despises looks at Owen, effort has thrown the stump a goblin.
Harry tries to catch a goblin, was actually not bit one by the goblin sharp tooth carefully ruthlessly, he becomes somewhat careful, has turned the head to look how George does.
“You cheat.” Owen also saw George to cope with the means of goblin.
George put out oneself magic wand, brandishes gently, has not chanted incantations. Surrounding ground floating off polygon um multiflorums. They flutter very high, the tornado by blowing that is circling together must be high in the midair and far. Compared with Owen and Red with the distance that the hand flings, is far too many, the efficiency is also much higher.
“Sorcerer must use the means of sorcerer.” Saying that George thinks otherwise, if must exercise, he has enough exercise plan. He will increase the gravity to himself, then conducts all -around training. These ordinary home trivial matters, are certainly used to exercise the magic controlling force to be good. Otherwise, a sorcerer of peace time, somewhere so many time trains the fight.
As for the ban of minor? Like Owen father, “forbids to abuse hemp melon goods division”. How many people “forbids to abuse magic division” department to have? George remembers that is one or two is coming.
Mentioned the magic provision of law, George took up a provision of law conveniently, can uncover one pile of loopholes. You cannot really count on small group that has the unusual strength, can have how perfect provision of law, only if they used to spit the real medicinal preparation at all things. After having read several law books, George had known the means of most circumvention bans.
“You be right.” In Fred's threw hand goblin by far, saying of face interest is waning.
Has George magic “cheating”, in a while, the goblin was cleaned up.
“Does not know that they can also find here not?” Owen looks is blown far away, the goblin that soon cannot see by the tornado, some indefinite saying, before “, they would look, because my father is very tolerant to them, even feels them to be interesting, they were very difficult to find compared with a here better place.”
Owen is saying, “bang” that side front door transmitted the sound.
“Was the father comes back.” Fred's happy saying, walks toward the room across the garden.
Everyone passing through the gate, is seeing Mr. Wesley weak on the chair of kitchen, eyeglasses place on the table before body. His two eyes shut tightly, thin and tall, is somewhat balding, not many hairs with his children same red. A green gown is wrinkled, the whole person seems very weary.
“Really died of exhaustion me.” He puts out a hand to grasp to the teapot, when everyone who also has not paid attention, “an evening inventoried and confiscated nine, mountain Goose Fulani this old fogy almost must while I turned around, gives me a spell......”
Mr. Wesley drank up the tea in teapot, long breathing a sigh of relief.
“What discovered? Father?” Fred seems very curious.
“Was several in addition the key of reduction incantation, canteen that can bite.” Mr. Wesley is having the yawn listlessly, “also some troublesome things, some probably strange snow sables, but thank God, that does not turn over to us to manage. They were sent to the spell laboratory, needs to inspect the confirmation......”
“Why can they add on the reduction incantation to the key?” Owen does not want to understand reason.
“To make fun of numb Gun.” The voice of Mr. Wesley is disclosing despising, “they sold to the hemp melon key, then reduces the incantation to make the key change is small, like this, must use, could not find suddenly.”
“This keeps numb Gunmen from understanding, they are unwarrantable, cannot accept own key to be reduced by the magic. They will only firmly believe, the key lost. They look but not see the close at hand magic forever, but we really discharged the magic, you cannot believe simply...”
“For example an automobile, right?” Madame Wesley walked, in the hand is lifting a fire poker, she just came from the stove furnace, the stick is also belching smoke.
Mr. Wesley publicized the mouth, the words resembles by the card in the neck, his look moves fast, sees his wife afraid, does not know that what she discovered, “steam... automobile, dear, what did you say?”
“Right, Arthur, is an automobile.” In Vase native of Riff eyes gets angry, the sound becomes very low and deep, “thinks to look, a sorcerer buys back an old rusty automobile. He told his wife, he wants to understand numb Gun the thing, facilitated the work, had a look at the internal structure. Then he uses the magic automobile that it re-equipped to fly.”
“Oh, dear, do not worry, I think that you do not know, actually he is not illegal. Naturally perhaps he should inform his wife beforehand. In the law has a loophole, in fact, so long as he does not need it to fly, the automobile can fly this is not illegal.” Explanation that Mr. Wesley is thrown into confusion.
“Arthur Wesley, you, when the compilation law, actually kept the loophole intentionally!” Vase native of Riff loudly shouted to yell, “in order to be messed about these numb Gun things by oneself in the shed? Told you, this morning, Harry was takes the magic automobile that your did not plan to fly.”
George with lived in the forehead hand-held, in the heart is somewhat speechless, “legal one pile of loopholes of magic, these laws are the staff wrote no wonder conveniently. This each staff leaves behind one pile of back doors to oneself, can the law of this magic not be tattered and torn?”
Although the real world also does, the person who makes the law always leaves behind the loophole to drill to oneself, but the real world is not a department only has 12 individuals. Gives 12 individuals to formulate the entire law, under the restriction of selfishness and level, the provision of law of magic, then leaked is similar to the screen.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 72 genial Mr. Wesley “Harry?” Mr. Wesley vacant asking, “which Harry?” He quickly looks all around, this saw Harry, quickly jumped, “, god, is Harry Potter, saw that you are really happy, Owen in the school said that he handed over the good friend, he said your many things to us.”

Originally Mr. Wesley has not worn the eyeglasses, is somewhat careless, at present what including sits is who has not divided clearly.
“Your son was driving that magic automobile last night, has flown half country, in the family/home that flies Harry met him.” Madame Wesley a fork waist, asked that “what words do you currently have to say?”
“Real?” Mr. Wesley is not angry, but pursues asks, “can it fly? I... said.” Looks the anger in Vase native of Riff eyes emitting, he serious saying, “this is not very immediately good, children, this very not good...”
George sees this, smiled at heart secretly, “Mr. Wesley also is really a genial interesting person.”
Then, Mr. Wesley is not a simple character, can use the daily life the magic, this not every sorcerer can achieve.
But more importantly, re-equips magic object this is not absolutely simple the thing of hemp melon. Has mentioned like him and Owen, other sorcerers are no matter how bored.
Done practical joke, adds on a spell to some numb Gun ordinary goods, in fact these spells because of the relations of charm, will not continue to be very long, often after triggering several times, did not have the effect. More often, these also can only be practical joke.
But re-equips magic object this is not simple the ordinary goods, with yesterday's that magic automobile, George was curious to principle. Perhaps George strength cannot compare these for many years senior sorcerer, but the Internet age of vision from knowledge explosion, can make his curious thing not simple.
Re-equips the magic automobile the automobile, related to many complex principles. This does not add on several spells absolutely. They least yesterday the most country with the magic automobile. This automobile can control, the flying speed is not slow. Compared with using the special material quality, the flying broom that manufactures specially, the technique content of magic automobile, is much higher.
What is more important, George has not thought that for a lifetime the dead dwelling in the magic world that this 3000 people do not arrive. He to own future tentative plan, but the whole world, after he had the sufficient strength, these can let the magic object that the average person uses, is significant to his significance.
Thinks of here, and wins over the plan to a Wesley aid, is more unalterable, needs to implement as soon as possible.
The Harry recent several days passed very happily, the day of humbly occupying and he life were entirely different in the past, virtue thought of ritual one to fill well-mannered, especially in view of Harry. Wesley family/home always fills to be novel and accidental/surprised.
First day time, in the kitchen by fireplace that mirror frightened him to jump, he just planned to look in a mirror. The mirror called suddenly, “shirt must the stopper to the waist, maintaining the clothing is neat.” The food corpse ghost in garret will not always make in the family/home have the moment to be tranquil, it is afraid peacefully, once cannot hear the sound that makes noise, shouted loudly, clang DA pounding pipe.
Fred's bedroom will often present the explosive sound, but more surprisingly, everyone becomes accustomed, did not think has anything is not right.
But most lets, here everyone who Harry likes him, this is he has never experienced. Hogwarts who even if likes in him similarly, every day still would March, Shape, is reminding Harry, he is unpopular, some people are hating him.
Only then here, in occupies humbly, in Wesley family belongings. He discovered that everyone likes him, after Madame Wesley each food must think he eats to the full, but must to him add some food. This makes the body strong he somewhat awkward,
Has to everyday increase the amount of exercise. Mr. Wesley eats meal, liking makes him sit in side, but also always to him inquires that numb Gun life, asked his numb Gun electric appliance and cell phone what's the matter.
Couple days ago George has made the raven deliver the cell phone, each person cell phone, everyone also added the telephone number mutually. In Harry looks to begin the attractive black hard shell, the streamline fuselage, the time of digit demonstrated that in the heart were many a security sense. Then will not be worried that was intercepted to everyone's letter/believes.
The cell phone also makes Mr. Wesley broaden the outlook, “this was too inconceivable.” He sighed, “was really the invention of talent, the magic cannot achieve such relaxed conversation.”
Besides the cell phone, the big bunch of clothes that sends together, includes Harry. They from female loyal path to come is very hurried, during summer vacation, virtue not possibly thinks of ritual one to buy the new clothes for Harry. Is occupying humbly, Harry more often, wears the gown of school, prepared one bunch of new clothes until George to everyone. This Jeangeorges a Wesley great person, although his words are not many, is very serious, but everyone likes him very much, he told Harry on the quiet, “this was he as a dwelling male actually popular secret.” He has to Harry explained that what is “dwelling male”, Harry thought, perhaps this is also one secret branch in sorcerer? Mysterious inheritance?
Mentioned George, Harry was somewhat a pity that George cannot be in the majority to stay humbly for several days. But does not have the means that the matter that after all George must handle are too many. Solos family's bookstore business that except that Harry knows, he even planned and Mr. Wesley recently is engaged in the manufacture of magic object.
George always makes Harry feels to admire, sometimes is surprised, needs to look up. You very difficult the friend who he regards a same grade, but George does not like others regarding 11 years old him, like his height build, he looks like an outstanding Sir at almost all things.
George said that he planned the technology of hemp melon, utilizes in the manufacture of magic object, therefore consulted his re-equipping attainment to Mr. Wesley, and paid a patent fee for this reason. Also, pledged, once the magic object makes successfully, but also according to the value of magic object, will continue to pay Mr. Wesley the patent fee.
This is not a change, especially to a Wesley uptight economic situation. Madame Wesley is not willing to agree from the beginning, she does not believe these mess about thing value how much money, she is not willing easily to accept others' economic aid.
But quick George uses a truth of businessman, with the good market prospect, with the creation magic good life, this big bunch of sufficient reasons convinced her.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 73 Wesley family/home changes George always to have the means that Mr. Wesley has liked inciting numb Gun the thing. Then was commended by George regards as important, immediately regards own friend George. When George his messes about, talking into will be the creative invention, the magic future, but also paid a big patent fee.

Then Mr. Wesley wished one could to sell to George oneself, now own all spare hours, uses in some re-equipping directions that George put forward.
Owen some love cell phone games, even neglected to eat and sleep recently, this makes Harry be somewhat worried. He has to lift George's reputation, makes Owen maintain daily contemplation and schoolwork, in order to avoid he, because wallows the game, beginning school time was surpassed by March. Now Owen dreads George, George has become his parents the respectable person.
Mr. Wesley and his wife, do not take George to treat as the children and children of comparison others family/home. But called George at home very much properly is, “Mr. Solos”, only when George surface time, they called him “dear George” affectionate. Respects George in them in secret, regards a great person to treat him.
Because of economical ample, in the family/home were many more happy talks and daughters. Owen knows, now annoys the father and mother at home is angry is not in the way, their recent is happy. But if George were not happy, he may be miserable, will reject and him including In Ni speaks, more fearful is the cell phone is also taken away.
In fact Madame Wesley has this to plan, but she had not found the appropriate reason now, not good from everyone hand to receive the gift that George sends out.
Madame Wesley has regarded the great person who George needs to respect, like Dumbledore. Dumbledore is her idol, she is respectable he, if some people told her before, some people will exceed Dumbledore, she returns certainly immediately said that “this is absurd talked nonsense.”
But if now some people tell her, “George will exceed Dumbledore.” She will take it for granted, “George created the best newborn result in Hogwarts, but this is not his entirety.”
Madame Wesley from the beginning, has the special feeling to George, Owen received George's many attendances in the school. He becomes the backbone in George's mutual aid association, every month except for own living expenses, but can also be left over some money.
What is more important is his study has not fallen, the person also becomes more and more sensible. This lets be worried Madame Wesley who this youngest son, wants to thank George specially.
This time George comes to be a guest to the family/home, Madame Wesley treats as adult equality of treatment George, but the fact also showed, George does not look like the adult, but simply is a very outstanding adult.
From the beginning Madame Wesley did not agree George's investment, does not accept George's money, she does not believe that incites the thing of hemp melon, turns into the magic object, can become valuable. But she listened to George saying that “fund poured into, market prospect, intellectual property, financial instruments ....”
Big pile of terminology of make her be dizzy immediately, her result in the school is good, is an outstanding Griffin are many. But she knows that Latin Crowd's terrifying, especially created Hogwarts, historically the best result the terrifying of Latin Crowd's. In her words, “outstanding Latin Crowd is completely the encyclopedia that one can walk.”
What is more fearful, George is not Latin Crowd who pure can only study, his relaxed and Mr. Wesley argued detail processing in magic object transformation, collision avoidance of many spell engagement, change guard of charm in ordinary material quality. He is not the pure money is many, is not the pure provision help.
He really understood value that Mr. Wesley invents, but this is as the matter that wife's Madame Wesley do not understand. This makes Madame Wesley very surprised, is ashamed.
When she determined that George really can excavate the values in these inventions, does she also hold true by? Prevents own husband to realize the dream,
Changes the world, makes money to change the family status? She accepts George's investment immediately refreshed, lets Mr. Wesley and George cooperates. But she will not think this naturally, she becomes respectable George.
Not because of money, because George excavates the value that his husband invented, lets value that his husband found himself to work, this is more important than the pure money.
Matter is not only so, the George non- single shot selected his husband's potential, George even also told her, her body has the tremendous potential, this made her feel inconceivable.
She is seven children's mothers, she is a day and night busy housewife. She gets sucked in the arduous housework, during children's education, she the biggest casual hobby is to read Gilder Lockhart book.
She does not dislike this life, she deeply loves oneself family very much, she likes oneself child very much. But she knows, she is a housewife, what she is most important takes care of own family member.
But George actually told her, she was an extraordinary sorcerer, an extraordinary creator, powerhouse in a life. George to her treaty draft, must make her publish books unexpectedly. This was too shocking, god knows, she has believed previously, publishing books is to like Gilder Lockhart outstanding, matter that such charming great person can handle.
But now the boss in unexpectedly giant bookstore, must make her publish books. Let her reorganize regarding the housework, the experience of child education writes, publishes the book in circulation, but she also complied unexpectedly.
This makes her realize that George's inconceivable, George consulted the transformation and utilization of home magic to her, discussed with her the arrangement of housework, children's education, gave her to arrange the program of writing.
These make her feel dream-like, recently she like one and her husband, Mr. Wesley, felt oneself like having a dream. A sleep/felt wakes up, their life had the tremendous changes, every day an ordinary housewife, an ordinary young official, they do is the things of great person.
The young official became the inventor, every day is transforming the magic object, these magic objects are it is said valuable. The housewives became the writer, oneself to the attainment of housework, children's education, will write the draft, accepts professional's instruction.
They have no way not to respect George, because they are the Sirs, they can understand Latin Crowd's great strength that George's great strength, understands a creation history.
George's learned makes them shock and look up, no matter in the transformation of magic object, is the utilization of home magic. Even is the arrangement of housework, children's education, they can in the domain that oneself are familiar with, was guided by George, was directed by him.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 74 receives a letter Madame Wesley somewhat to hope, own youngest daughter In Ni, admittance time can be assigned to Latin Crowd, she became appreciates and worships the learned person compared with before.

Madame Wesley is processing today's housework carefully, what was different from the past, she needs to process the way of housework becomes more efficient, was simpler. By facilitating evening's time, wrote the appropriate draft it.
At this moment, she saw out of the door to fly an owl, threw down a box.
“Is Hogwarts's letter.” Mr. Wesley picked from the ground the box, patted the above dust cautiously.
Harry and Owen received a letter/believes of yellow parchment, above writes the green character. Fred also walked slowly, he also has.
Harry is reading the letter/believes in hand with single-hearted devotion, believes let his September 1 time, from the previous place King's Cross Station goes by train Hogwarts. In the letter/believes explains the using book that his new school year needs to prepare.
«Standard Incantation» that except that the sophomore must read, on the book list listed a big group of Gilder Lockhart work of the autobiographies of various monster peers.
Fred read off his form, has turned the head to come to see Harry's form, “similar book list, one group of Gilder Lockhart work, I make a bet this new black magic defense technique class professor, certainly is his adorer, mostly is a sorceress.” Fred noticed that his mother is looking, hurries to lower the head to continue to eat the thing.
“These books are not cheap.” Owen still remembers Gilder Lockhart price that mother buys.
“Minor matter, your father made a lot of money recently, Mr. Solos said my book, if publishes, will be very certainly popular.” Madame Wesley is running family's fiscal power, knows how to spend money on the cutting edge, “In Ni must go to school this year, we must buy a thing for her.”
“Oh, do you also want to go to Hogwarts this year?” Harry somewhat surprised looking to In Ni, In Ni stature, sees him is also shy each time, he also thinks that In Ni has not arrived ten years old, originally is only years old smaller than one him.
In Ni nods gently, Harry's vision comes, her root of the ear was red, the elbow almost touches but actually nearby seasoning jar.
At this time Owen's another Elder Brother, Percy also came. He puts on neatly, like must go out goes to work, but also clipped on the badge of class president.
“Good morning, today the weather is really good.” His relaxed saying, the mood looks very good.
He just sat to a final chair on, jumps immediately, pulls out a feather duster one thing from the buttocks.
“Enroll!” Owen jumped, he received this feather duster to be the same from Percy hand, gets sick the dispirited old owl, discovered a letter/believes from it, “this is He gives my reply sensitively, I must go to virtue to think of ritual to rescue your matter us, wrote a letter to tell her.”
He hugged Enroll to arrive at back door one to roost the wood, wants to put it, but Enroll as if could not have stood, old fell downward. Owen has to place on a plank it, the mouth whispered, “next time must remember made stay behind the telephone number sensitively, Enroll has had no way to deliver a letter.” Then he ripped open the letter/believes in hand, read loudly.
Dear Owen, dear Harry, wishing all your is good, hopes Harry is well. Hopes you rescue his time, has not been against the law, otherwise that will bring the trouble to Harry. If Harry is all right, please tell me immediately, but best to trade an owl to come, I think that next it will die on the road time.
I am certainly busy the schoolwork and contemplation, I discovered that contemplates is very big to my schoolwork help. My next Wednesday time, will go to London to buy the teaching material, we can meet in the opposite angle lane, please reply in writing to me as soon as possible, tells me your situation.
The inscription is, your faithful good friend, He is sensitive
“ Good, we also went shopping on that day.
“ Madame Wesley set the date. Harry felt oneself like drawn in a giant vacuum cleaner, unceasing revolving of his body in the vacuum cleaner, by the ear is the howling wind sound/rumor, deafening. He cannot open the eye, only felt indistinctly oneself in one group of circling in flight green flame.
Suddenly, his arm hit any hard thing, he tries hard closely to grip the arm, protects own head, shrinks one group, like a sphere. The training told him, this can reduce is harmed the area.
Revolving, knocks until his both hands on the ice-cold ground. Separated some little time, he crawled slowly, he narrows around the eye to size up, at present is absent-minded, a dizziness. The morning egg and sandwich resembles must run from the stomach, he is standing immediately the breath of motionless, small mouth, adjustment breath slowly.
Also, after a while, he breaking away eye, he is appearing in a completely strange place. The surrounding person does not have, he stands in one spaciously actually in front of the stone fireplace in gloomy sorcerer shop.
Exactly what happened? Harry is recalling the previous process carefully.
Today is on Wednesday, is He agrees sensitively in the day that the opposite angle lane meets. Madame Wesley called everyone very early in the morning, everyone has had breakfast hurriedly, exchanges the new clothes waiting and friend meets.
Madame Wesley takes out a small pot on the mantel of kitchen, “soon used up, Arthur, today when the opposite angle lane, remembers that reminded me to buy. Harry you first come, you are a guest.”
She gave Harry the pot.
Harry is caught off guard, puzzled looks at everyone, “how should I do?”
“Oh, you useless have flown path Fen.” Owen responded suddenly, “was sorry very much, Harry, I forgot you uselessly to fly path Fen.”
“Useless?” Mr. Wesley a face is curious, “that your last year time, how to find the opposite angle lane?”
“I take the subway.” Harry said low voice, he has not raveled, how flying path Fen is a matter.
“That may be really good.” Mr. Wesley is interested in the transportation vehicle of hemp melon, “passes the elevator? How to go ....”
“Now first do not inquire these, Arthur.” Madame Wesley interrupted husband's words, “with flying path Fen goes to the opposite angle lane to be much quicker, but, Harry had not used before...” Madame Wesley appears some worries.
“All right, Mom, this is very simple.” Fred face indifferent saying, “Harry, how you first has a look at us to do.”
Since Fred pinches a handful sparkling powder from the small basin, then before arriving at the stove, all threw into the flame the powder in hand.
“He”, the furnace fire turned into the aquamarine, flees compared with the person also high flame, Fred enters in the fire directly, shouts one “opposite angle lane!” The voice falls, he disappears.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The Chapter 75 surprise “you need to read clearly several words, Harry.” Saying that Madame Wesley a face worries about, she somewhat worried that Harry was useless previously has flown path Fen, possibly has the problem.

Harry records the later matter, he arranged after Mr. Wesley used to fly path Fen. Owen and Madame Wesley, told him, “closed the eyes, do not move heedlessly, waited to see Fred and Arthur the time, walked again from the fire door.”
He just threw into the powder the fire, opens the mouth to shout opposite angle lane time, was burnt by boiling hot cigarette ash, later he like drawn the vacuum cleaner, finally appeared here.
Harry is reorganizing oneself mentality carefully, he with flying path Fen transmits the opposite angle lane from Wesley's fireplace, obviously, his transmission had the mistake very much, he has not arrived at the opposite angle lane, but to other place.
Must leave here immediately, Harry looked all around one, he sees by the fireplace to have a glass box case, inside has a withered manpower, playing card that one pack stains the bloodstain, a glass eyeball. On the wall hung all over the fierce mask, on the counter is all kinds of human bones, does not use any explanation, can know that here is not good.
Harry is enduring ache, being soundless moves toward the entrance, arrived at the halfway, the entrance suddenly presented two person's shadows. And the Harry's foe in school, Draco Malay.
Cannot make him see, Harry looks around toward all around rapidly, is seeing own left to have a black big cabinet. He worms one's way into immediately, closes the door, only leaves behind a small slit. Almost at the same time, the bell sound, March walked.
March's behind person's shadow seems like his father, equally pale face, indifferent arrogant Grey eye. Mr. March across great hall, careless looks the goods that on the counter exhibits, then swung make a sound placed the bell on counter. He turned around to say to March, “anything do not bump, Draco.”
March is putting out a hand to touch a bulb eye, he said, “I also think, you come to buy the gift for me.”
“I had meant buys a broom of GUI wonderful competition for you.” Mr. March is knocking on the counter with the finger gently.
“First I am the player of student officer company, otherwise wants the broom to be useful.” March's careless saying, “Harry Potter obtained light wheel 2000 last year, but also won several GUI wonderful competitions, Dumbledore gave him to give favored treatment. Because he is famous, because in his volume that stupid scabs.”
March bends the waist to look on the rack all kinds of craniums, “his fame is getting bigger and bigger, everyone is proud for his outstanding.”
“You do not need repeatedly to say these.” Mr. March appears to March's words is very impatient, “I need to remind you, when everyone regards Harry Potter expelled the hero of fiendish person, you should not with him prove the conflict.”
“. Is Mr. gold/metal.” Mr. March re-focuses on the present person.
Bent the waist the humpbacked man to appear behind the counter, but also is rubbing the hair of oil discharge with the hand, “Mr. March, saw you very much happily again.” The tune and his hair of Mr. gold/metal are equally slick, “is extremely honored, Mr. March, presence of Young Master March. What do I have to be able for you to work for? Perhaps you should have a look, today's new goods, the price very fairs...”
“Today I do not go shopping, Mr. gold/metal, I must sell something.” Mr. March interrupted King's sales promotion, said own plan.
“Can sell the thing?” The smile on gold/metal face restrained several points, appears the interest in lack, the thing that Mr. March sells may not have is so good to act.
“You should also hear, in the magic section stepped up inventorying and confiscating.” Mr. March said that while puts in inside the hand the clothes, careful fished out one volume of parchment from the pocket in side. He launches the parchment to gold/metal looks, “some things, put at this time will bring at home inconveniently, if the magic section comes...”
Mr. gold/metal took out eyeglasses from the counter,
Careful wearing on bridge of the nose, lowers the head to size up the list, “magic section should not disturb you, Mr. March?” Mr. March selected the eyebrow, “March's some name also deterrent forces, at present no one. But in the magic section more and more made recently does not make sense, even must release what «Hemp Melon Protection money». Like insane, definitely is shame Arthur Wesley of that pure blood, is up to mischief in the back, he likes the hemp melon...”
Hears the March father's shame to Mr. Wesley, in thoughts of gain braves the flaming anger, criticizes saying that “damn March, makes the shameful deal in the back, now still slanders Mr. Wesley in the back.”
“You know that on my form some toxic ants, can let it...” Mr. March demonstrates oneself collection toward gold/metal.
“That is natural, Mister, making me have a look, I will give a reasonable price.” Mr. gold/metal sizes up the list, while calculates secretly, how can obtain a more satisfactory price difference.
“I want to take a look at that.” March points at the manpower who in the glass box case that is withering to say with the hand. Oh, this is the honorable hand. “ Mr. gold/metal throws down the form of Mr. March, flees before Draco body quickly, sells this commodity to him, “wax candlestick in honorable hand, this is only then has the light source that its person can see. It is the bandits and thieves and assassin best partner, you are eagle-eyed, Young Master March.”
Mr. March in the eye flashes through the cold glow, saw that this fellow face interest is short of money, is the plan must keep prices down, saying that therefore coldly, “my son, with the bandits and thieves, the assassin do not mix up, Mr. gold/metal.”
Mr. gold/metal looks at Mr. March already some vitality/angry, the hurried explanation, “was sorry very much, Mr. March, I do not have this meaning certainly.”
“If his result does not have the improvement.” Mr. March continued with the ice-cold intonation, “after him, must do these deals.”
“Is the teacher bias, this is not my mistake, teacher too deviation that He sensitive Grainier...” March argued.
“I also think that you will therefore be ashamed, I look at you high.” Mr. March endures the anger saying that “takes a test the girl who each time loses to a non- sorcerer family, is this your reply?”
“Hahn, gets what one deserves.” Sees March to be taught bashful and angry, has not dared to answer back, Harry in blossoms at heart happily, sets firm resolve, must suppress Draco in the study stubbornly.
“This matter were too many.” Mr. gold/metal is saying with the frivolous tone, “sorcerer bloodline is less valuable.”
“I will not have such idea.” Mr. March has turned the head, is carefully examining gold/metal with the vision of occupying a commanding position.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 76 George arrival “mister, you are right.” Mr. gold/metal heart one tight, immediately bows to Mr. March apologies.

“That, we should continue to chat my form now.” Mr. March appears some is not impatient, “I may not have many time waste, waits for me also to have the important matter to manage.”
Mr. March on the mouth said that bargaining time may not be impatient, haggles over every penny hit on the difference and gold/metal. March idly extremely bored sizes up in the shop to sell the commodity that can look, he often does not have the opportunity to come to here.
He seems curious to many things, he transferred several around the cabinet that Harry hid back and forth, thoughts of gain mentioned the throat quickly.
Before gold/metal arrived at the cabinet, he walked, he puts out a hand, “deal.” Shouting that Mr. March feels relieved, “walked, Draco.”
March turned around to leave, in Harrison let go the magic wand that gripped tightly, wiped the sweat of forehead with the sleeve.
“That settled, Mr. gold/metal, I will wait for you to take the goods tomorrow at home.” Matter completed, Mr. March seems somewhat relaxed.
“Bang” closes the door, abundant Gone carved to receive the flattering type of bending the waist back, “old fox, in the situation according to hearsay, half that these things also in his family/home harbored, this may not have many profits...” gold/metal muttered indignantly, entered the rear apartments.
Harry has not moved, to continue to wait for a meeting, determined that gold/metal will not be quick, the quiet drill the cabinet, across the counter, slipped away the front door quietly.
Harry went out of the door, looks around everywhere, he is standing in a dirty small lane. The street two rows all are the black magic related shop, that he just came out is called King Burke, is on the street the biggest shop.
Opposite another big shop, by the glass display window can see gloomily is being densely covered some atrophy withered heads. The shop at far point, the entrance is a big basket, inside dense is raising one flock of giant black spiders. By the entry of basket, two thin sorcerers talked in whispers, while looked around toward him.
Harry only feels absolutely terrified, fell the wolf's lair like a lamb, he closely is grasping the magic wand in hand, cautious proceeded to walk along the alley.
“Harry how in this?” Just got out of the way in Harry, shop entrance of King Burke, suddenly presented a wear black long gown to wear the form of black hood.
Under the personal long gown, indistinct can also see the grandiose muscle, huge constriction that fearful body brings. Under the hood is the black hole common dense fog, cannot see clearly slightly the facial features. The sorcerer who talking in whispers that two were previously staring at Harry, is seeing this form immediately the complexion big change, does not dare to look, lowered the head to shrink the entry. “" A sound, a leaf of door blocked the entry.
If Harry has turned head at this time, perhaps he relies on the stature merely, can recognize behind this familiar form. Among person who he knows, except for George, whose but can also such stature. Although high is stronger, but a big cask general stature, is conspicuous compared with George.
George looks at the back that Harry departs, hesitated the moment, without with coming up, “here cannot be regarded dangerously, he can solve, the proper business is important.”
Thinks of here, why George will no longer pay attention to Harry to appear here, opened the door of King Burke gently, walked directly.
“Ding the bell... to bite bell”
George swung made a sound the bell on counter, waiting while sized up the arrangement in room, then snorted contemptuously, “is completely some useless trash.”
“Mr. Ciao, your may be wrong that now is useless. Even if the trash, putting the place was also right useful, how can call the useless trash.” Mr. gold/metal is seeing the form before counter, immediately speeds up the footsteps, with the relaxed tone then George's thread of conversation.
George has not spoken,
Lifts the hand to place on the counter gently, then put aside the hand. On the counter only leaves behind a small pile bright yellow gold coin. “Oh, how wonderful gloss, this is the world's happiest goods. No matter that charming gloss, graceful line, when collision sends out clear ding dong sound, the gold coin is this world's most powerful magic.” Mr. gold/metal is seeing the gold coin on counter, immediately sees food like a vicious dog, threw fiercely, the eyeball was about to fall.
He is stroking the gold coin while said that “Mr. Ciao you said right, outside put was some useless trash. The genuine good thing, how to be placed in the entrance is greedy to these poor men, by them was looked the treasure will fall in price much. Gold/metal Along who they make for a lifetime, cannot catch up with Mr. Ciao you to refer to the seam leaking.”
Mr. gold/metal is flattering to the utmost the big customer before counter, compares others, this big customer really can be generously natural, what quality on this day under will also have generously compared with natural, will make a businessman like?
If some really words Mr. gold/metal are certain, that certainly compared with generous natural, but also wants generously natural.
“If you can put out the thing that I want, I will not always stint gold/metal Along.” George tone unrelieved, is saying careless, not by the disturbance that Mr. gold/metal performs.
Regarding this person of acting servile, George thinks little at present, he first time is not had to do with this fellow. Can turn fights the lane to achieve the biggest shop, this may not be easy, do not believe what integrity operation that they said that serves the customer. Even if a world that does not have the superpower, these views are impossible to exist.
If you reversing the lane merchant's full mouth flattery, the promise worked as one point of reality of carelessly, even believes anything “customer is God.” Nonsense, then only waits for you to show a flaw, they will knock the bone to attract the deceiving light of marrow on you last copper. If the opportunity, they will throw to gnaw a cleanness like one flock of wild wolves you entirely.
George looks the human bones that in this shop trades all the way, not the harmless guess, “does not know in these human bones, how many will have is deceived up all customers?”
Has to do to be possible with the black sorcerer is not absolutely easy, if only thinks that head good, money many, fantasized can look for any good thing here. Finally, referred to erratically becomes one pile of bones that on the counter traded, George has seen such rash person.
“Oh, no.” Mr. gold/metal sudden face pain, probably died was father-like, “the thing that Mr. Ciao, you needed was really rare, like the egg of Nepali mark snake, the egg of phoenix, the bone of night black horse, the skin of wart hog, these was almost impossible to appear in the market.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 77 George's threat “my money is very good to gain, so long as I need, I did not mind that starts out compared with others high price. But is not everyone can make money from my hand, is this your value is not just at? Mr. gold/metal.” George is knocking on the counter with the hand gently, at a moderate pace saying.

“You said right, Mr. Ciao, the valuable person, can have the gold coin, can have all. I took the big effort recently, collected some good things from the all over the world, just wants to show you.” The face of Mr. gold/metal like a play actor, immediately becomes jubilant.
“My money Haozhuan, but is not easily swindled.” George continues to rap the counter, each tune treads the rhythm that gold/metal heart beats certainly. “Thump, thump, thump...”.
Is listening to George's words, King's complexion looked like the dye house, fluctuated erratically, “I did not understand your meaning, Mr. Ciao.”
“Needed me to say clear? You think why I come.” George's low and deep voice actually like thunderous, shakes slightly all around shivers, the entire house raps the rhythm of counter to shiver with him unceasingly.
“Oh, Mr. Ciao, stops quickly, I just found you had previously said the ancient spell, I just want it, when the gift gives to you.” Mr. gold/metal covers the chest, shows the painful expression, shouted loudly.
“Snort, you think why I will just come at this time.” Hears the book that gold/metal found him to need, George voice also relaxed, rapped the rhythm of counter slowly.
“Mr. Ciao, you come, saw Mr. March?” Mr. gold/metal grabs the chest with the hand, lowers the head, does not dare to look at George, careful speaking probe.
“Also wants to test me, the thing that March must hand over I am clear, do you could give a try?” George's voice is passing ice-cold, the dense fog under hood looks like black hole that absorbs the person.
“How... I did not dare... Mr. Ciao to chat, the thing that March handed over, I will add 10%...” Mr. gold/metal lifted the head secretly, sees the black hole under that hood, hit one to tremble, immediately changes a statement, “I can the initial cost give to Mr. Ciao ....”
“I will rise in prices 20% purchases by the price that March acts.” George's voice relaxed, stopped movement that raps the counter, “, but if you try to deceive me, perhaps you can want also to deliver the counter yourself.” George's voice immediately becomes hoarse ice-cold.
“... Cannot...” Mr. gold/metal wiped the sweat on forehead with the sleeve, “my first gave you to take that ancient spell.” Runs to walk toward the rear apartments, in the heart secretly the unstated criticism, “this mysterious Mr. Ciao was more and more fearful, can he really transform money as the charm?”
Mr. gold/metal is also Yin clear uncertain, March news that comes processing to harbor, how to be known by Mr. Ciao? He just should under March family/home harbors, was planning that hands over there gains one from big customer Mr. Ciao greatly. Who knows that Mr. Ciao walks in March front leg unexpectedly, looked for visit, is this possible?
Does Mr. Ciao under March hand, have oneself eye? March hits the wild goose all year long, man who this even Lord Voldemort can regard the stepping-stone, now will present such careless mistake unexpectedly, even was this secret message known by Mr. Ciao?
This time business, handing over to gain 20%, is free from worry to reduce effort, let alone is the bulk bargain, gold/metal at this time is also delighted. But thinks this mysterious Mr. Ciao, even March, this type the secret news of old ghost can grasp unexpectedly for many years in the hand.
Gold/metal only felt that back sends coolly, makes money naturally to let him happily, but thinks what oneself contacts is such a fearful person, in his heart is somewhat uneasy.
George looks at present this ghost deceitful sly merchant is also helpless, magic person few brings solely is not the place is small, the thing are few. The biggest problem is almost impossible to have the complete industrial chain, all factories are workshop,
Workshop greatly, small. All businesses, all merchants, only stays in the small family operates. George before last year begins school here, paid the high price to post a reward the news of phoenix, but entire one year, let alone the phoenix, could not collect including other rare goods. Magic is too small, more often cannot spend richly.
George is not short of money, but wants to spend money to receive in exchange for the rapid growth of strength very being difficult.
His time, actually because of the harvest of beforehand layout,
“Cannot think that Draco Malay brings a pleasant surprise to me quickly.” A George feeling, March has given him too many pleasant surprises.
George does not like March, after all an arrogant bear child, except for the bear child's family member, will not have any normal person to like such trouble maker.
But, what's the eyes don't see the heart isn't troubled about. In the same school, usually also does not have no relation, in addition March will not have a joke backfire, provokes the enemy who cannot win absolutely. Therefore, always, March and his relations, although is not good, but has not deteriorated.
This was later their cooperation built the foundation, since George did not plan to be swayed by personal feelings, did not plan to regard the enemy March on own initiative, March naturally also understood that did not provoke him.
When George's mutual aid association starts to operate, March also taking the opportunity, borrowed 1000 golds Along from the mutual aid association brazenly. To the student, this does not calculate a change, even if in March family/home in magic is also the richness of ranking among the best, but a student will not have so many spending money.
March borrowed the money from the mutual aid association, George also suddenly discovered this can exert the means of influence on March.
The after event of forest, March almost encountered the threat of death, became the mental maturity all of a sudden. The courage is not big, does not dare is so rampant, but also were many for several points to plan.
Under this situation, March starts to give what is desired, plans and George maintains the relations, George naturally also pushes the boat along. He to March family/home harbors has been very interested, when especially he knows, after Maria manor once residence of Lord Voldemort.
But the matter is smoother, March who he expects to pull closer the relations with George, sends one in his opinion significance very significantly «To contemplate secret Standard», this in the treasure that in March family hand flees the capital, to his hand, one shone with the brilliance. He contemplates the technique, as a pillar/backbone that oneself strength originated, Harry they therefore are also profiting.
But sends out «Contemplates secret Standard» March, harvests big, George in contemplating secret Dan, chose a very good contemplation technique to him. Also, threw in a standard attainment.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 78 March family harbors this standard attainment is not simple, «Contemplates the secret Standard» author, using thoughts for a lifetime to recover to contemplate the technique. Finally, because does not know the training method, does not know that the function after training, tracked down with hardship for a lifetime, cannot reappear contemplates the strength of technique.

After forest accident, making March know the importance of strength, George told him in addition, after beginning school, with Harry and the others live operational training, these stimulated his heart of trying to outdo others.
During throughout entire summer break, he has not wasted. Invested during own time the laborious training, because had this performance, his father Lucius, this time can also lead him to reverse the lane. Except for striking him, planned that gives him to prepare some gifts as the reward.
In sole possession of as entire magic, George few several practices to contemplate the test piece of technique hand/subordinate. George has not forgotten to care that during the summer vacation everyone's contemplation progress, March has not even fallen. When March proposed consulted, George appropriately replies, reminded March appropriately in the debt of mutual aid association, consulted reward.
But this time he knows that Lucius will be reversing the lane processes own harbors, the biggest harvest that also he obtains from Maria there.
Mr. gold/metal ran from the inside room, both hands hold a thick book, saying of panting, “Mr. Ciao, is this, this «Ancient times Spell Revealing», recorded the ancient spells of some foundations to recover, unique was precious in the world.” gold/metal is saying, a face renders meritorious service the facial expression, gives George books both hands.
“Have you tried?” George received that «Ancient times Spell Revealing» from gold/metal hand, glances through conveniently.
Gold/metal complexion started to change, separated one smiling embarrasedly, “I the strength like Mr. Ciao was not astonishing, this ancient spell fled the capital in my hands.”
“In other words useless.” George cast aside gold/metal one eyes with something else in mind, this old fox always some ordinary thing, blows the rare treasure, will also really have the person who many have not experienced to be swindled. But wants to deceive an outstanding Latin Crowd, these also by far insufficient.
“Book real, although is useless, I also accepted.” George roughly glanced through, careful gathered the book, then said:
“Tomorrow you go to the Maria manor, is seeing his collection, can try to urge him to act. The price can also the initial price put on 20% after today, I should still rise in prices again 20% according to your purchase price.”
Mr. gold/metal looks at present the mysterious big customer, in the heart is also tight, exploratory asking, “Mr. Ciao, if intends March harbors, why don't visit personally?”
Gold/metal wants to test at present this mysterious Mr. Ciao, controlled many to March's manor.
“Do not play your tricks.” George raised the sound, starts to have the rhythm rap table.
“...... Mr. Ciao, I do not know.” King's heartbeat, the following knocking changes, facing George who a word does not act at earliest convenience, he starts to beg for mercy immediately, “Mr. Ciao should be feared that causes March's vigilance, these things, treats as to hoard as a rare commodity to raise the price.”
“Makes your money honestly, do not play your tricks, will not have the next opportunity again.” George voice again becomes ice-cold, in the language is hiding the spell probably, frightens Mr. gold/metal to break into sweat.
“Except for March family/home, I will also be turning recently fights the lane to pay attention to the goods that others make a move, once there are Mr. Ciao to need, certainly remains to you.” The bowing apology that gold/metal is too busy, regretted for the previous probe, “clearly knows this person so fearful, why also to test him, it seems like was really the business does in a big way, the brain and courage were muddled.”
“Good, I three days later I.” George not field society gold/metal, walked directly.
Why does not look for Lucius directly, but from turning fights' lane here to start. On the one hand just as gold/metal said that
Comes to buy and make a move to transfer, this difference is very big. Oneself process, no one struggles no one to want, only strove for lending a hand to solve troublesome. The valuable thing, will be treated as the garbage disposal. If George comes to purchase, it is no doubt that even if he starts out turns time of price. Also, will only cause the vigilance of others, price pushing, even thinks that is hiding what secret, no longer sell.
Recently inventorying and confiscating of magic section, affected may, not only March. Even can say even the strength astonishing March family, starts to process own harbors, others are so.
At this time, George naturally did not want to arouse the vigilance of others, reversed the lane as a contraband good big market, only then here can swallow half magic harbored not to bring to the attention of others.
As for these is the contraband goods, the black magic, the magic section law clearly stipulates the stipulation, should forbid. George thinks otherwise, the magic peace is too long, is too calmly and steadily long. Suddenly encountered the oppressive rule of Lord Voldemort, at this time like the frightened person, many inconceivable things regarded naturally.
Contraband goods? When will the sorcerers have this view? Or thing where of sorcerer has what security? The strength is the strength, no matter the toxic ant, the curse, the wicked incantation, the black magic, the strength is always the strength.
The strength does not maintain evilly, does not help nicely. Only has the strength to resist the strength, the present magic section is muddleheaded seriously. Tries with covering the black magic unexpectedly, cleans up the contraband goods the peacekeeping, when once Lord Voldemort returns comprehensively, how also to deal?
However, George will not remind the magic section, they are unreliable, lacks the ability, is the brain ossification. The most important thing is, he is acting like this profits.
Like today, he because of this situation, obtained half of collections under March family a lot of years of accumulation. Moreover, this sensitive period, reverses the lane will also have unceasingly many “good thing” to pass on.
This opportunity is unique, if not in the present special environment. If not in entire magic was also frightened under the environment that the fear trembles by Lord Voldemort, this has no way to imagine absolutely.
Wants “to starve to death timidly, supports brave.” After this disturbance, so long as George processes appropriate, entire magic, except for Hogwarts, all collections and accumulations, should take George as.
Except that collects in secret, because the magic section inventories and confiscates the precious ancient book and goods that spread.
Another reason, his present status is also a secret. Although the figure has not changed, but no one has seen the appearance under his hood. If there is a matter to involve, when only did not acknowledge well. By his ability, exploits the magic law the loopholes is really relaxed, keeps a mysterious identity to act much help to him.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 79 interesting Vase comes the mister as for finally, to hide Draco this informed sources. Conceals in the hidden place, has more opportunities, contacts Maria the other half to harbor. When March starts to seek the strength, needs help from George unceasingly time, March family no longer will gradually have the secret to him.

Like March does not know that «Contemplates secret Standard» will bring the big help to George, he does not know similarly, merely is a small news, can offset 500 golds Along news merely, what kind of harvest can bring to George.
March knows George to have money, but does not know that George is rich, does not know, George can first in the poor hand take away his father's complete collection from gold/metal.
To him, but disclosed that a small harmless information, obtained 500 golds Along sales commission, is one is seriously good to buy and sell. To George, he therefore obtained March family, for a lot of years, half of collections, are one are better to buy and sell.
George had/left the front door of King Burke, has not continued to stroll, left directly reversed the lane.
......................
But in another side, Harry had found Wesley one home, he when reversing lane lucky ran into, brought the opposite angle lane him, found Wesley one home.
“Harry, we scared, after everyone comes out, has not seen you, luckily all safe and secure.” Running over of Mr. Wesley pants, wiped head sweat with the sleeve, “don't beautiful looks for you everywhere, quick anxious was insane.”
“Really sorry, making you be worried.” A Harry face apology is saying.
“Does not close your matter, is the transmission has problems, where do you from come out?” Owen asked carefully.
“I am reversing the lane to discover Harry.” Is putting on a serious face to say.
“Was too cool.” Fred was excited to call.
“Really enviable, the Sirs do not let us from that process.” Owen is also the expression that a face envies.
“You have not arrived age that can go to there.” Is saying deep and gruff voice.
Madame Wesley running over of hurriedly, In Ni was being drawn by her, is out of breath, “thanks heaven and earth, oh- Harry- you are all right finally- I scared- is thinking at heart where you went to have possibility-” she is saying, while is carrying from the hand in the package put out a big clothes brush, cleaned up on the Harry Grey mark.
Madame Wesley closely grabs hand, “many are reversing the lane to discover Harry thanks to you, luckily is well.”
“I have the matter, I first walked.” Remembers itself also to buy the pesticide, copes with the disaster cabbage the harmful insect, “Hogwarts sees again.” It seems somewhat embarrassed.
“You guess that whom I am reversing the lane to see?” The Harry meaningful tone was asking Owen and He is sensitive, can not they reply, gave the answer, “March and his father.”
“What thing did Lucius March buy?” Mr. Wesley also heard in them behind.
“He was sells the thing.” Harry leans excessively, is replying Mr. Wesley.
“He feared certainly, in the section is inventorying and confiscating the contraband goods, in his family/home hid big pile of contraband goods certainly.” Mr. Wesley face satisfied saying, “I really wants to seize Lucius March's crime evidence at the scene...”
“Careful, Arthur.” Madame Wesley does not want to annoy to trouble, “March is not affable, do not go to make the trouble.” At the same time saying, a small seductress/evil spirit made them enter the bank.
“You think that I can't fight them?” Mr. Wesley seems indignant, but he took oneself interest in shift other places quickly, the parents who he saw He keen are standing before the counter of marble hall, seemed very cramped, as the average person, too many pictures of magic made them anxious.
“Oh, they are numb Gun.” Mr. Wesley appears somewhat makes much ado about nothing,
Usually although he also contacts numb Gun, but comes up with forgetting the incantation. At this time saw similarly is being numb Gun of parents, for a while seemed very curious. “We under and others must drink one cup, knows well. Right, what in your hand is what? Oh, this is in the exchange currency, don't beautiful, looks quickly.” He is excited, making much ado about nothing is pointing at Grainier first that bill in poor hand.
“Do not shout and wrangle, do not make much ado about nothing, maintains the politeness.” Madame Wesley is covering the forehead, to husband in front of child guardian disrespectful is helpless.
“One will also meet here.” Owen lowered the head to tell He sensitive one, then everyone followed in ancient Linage a small monster behind, hurried to toward the underground treasury.
The small monster driving car like an acrobat, shuttled back and forth on the railway rail unceasingly, passes through the long underground tunnel to arrive at the underground safe-deposit vaults.
The after safe-deposit vaults of Wesley family/home open, Wesley was shocked. Mr. Wesley and his wife push before the safe cabinet, touched the corner of safe cabinet, Owen face silly standing, here smiling, he has not seen so much money.
Madame Wesley, hesitant half of the day, in a big way caught one to admit in own package to think gold/metal Along ruthlessly, slightly caught one to admit the pocket of Mr. Wesley gold/metal Along, longing closed the safe cabinet.
“George who is lucky, we currently have many deposits, but cannot therefore waste, later wants to open the safe cabinet, must I and Arthur the same place.” The face of Madame Wesley seems red because of the excitement, saying of breathing heavily.
When Harry also hurriedly grasped a gold coin to admit the handbag from own safe cabinet, everyone went by car to return to the hall.
“After one hour, goes to beautiful mark bookstore set, you can play the meeting here, I must first give In Ni to buy the gown and magic wand.” Madame Wesley sees everyone to have the different things, considering the time relationship decision acts separately, after leaving, particularly urges, “does not permit reversing the lane.”
Percy also divided a gold coin, he planned that bought a feather pen, but the remaining money, he can also buy several had a liking for books, for example «Class president Right».
Fred ran into Hogwarts's schoolmate, Lee Jordan, they plan to stroll in the opposite angle lane together. Mr. Wesley in the pocket, are many had not seen in those days the great sum of money, deciding to draw in Grainier and his wife to go to the broken cauldron bar to drink one cup.
Harry and Owen, He keen takes a stroll in the street that the cobblestone spreads back and forth. Harry felt money that oneself take out as if were many a point, he feels the gold coin in pocket to summon to him, this makes him somewhat unbearably anxious must spend them.
He leads Owen and He is sensitive, bought three giant ice cream. They are eating the ice cream, while roves in the lane, is sizing up the dazzling commodity by the glass display window.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 80 Gilder Lockhart Taken feels gold/metal Along in pocket, longing passes through from the GUI wonderful novelty shop, he likes in the shop placing that to wrap/sets of Chad artillery team long gown.

He calculated his deposit in secret, in addition in the income that the mutual aid association earns, he has been able to buy the uniform that complete set like. But he gave up this plan quickly, compares at present the attractive uniform, he likes the gold/metal Along steadfast and security sense in pocket.
This later He keen drew them to go to a nearby stationery shop, bought the ink and parchment, studies the tyrant worthily, even shopped likes buying the stationery.
In relaxed mood, one hour quick on the past, they arrived at beautiful mark bookstore. When on the road, they discovered that many people are also rushing to beautiful mark bookstore, to time was the surprised discovery, out the bookstore has been filled with a large crowd.
Also, saw a giant banner that in the building hangs, knows, that named Gilder Lockhart is selling the book here signature.
“Oh, we can see the honorable person.” He sensitively seems very excited, shouts and wrangles, “the book on our book list is almost he writes.”
Participates Gilder Lockhart signs sells the meeting seems like majority is the contemporaries of Madame Wesley, they seem very excited, immediately can see own idol, the big handsome fellow in mind. The bookstore has to send a wizard to keep the order at the entrance, “ladies, should not be crowded, be careful books.”
Harry three people, taking advantage of build advantage, since the person sews to drill, crushed into the bookstore. The come person may be really many, the team from the bookstore entrance, has circled behind the bookstore. A handsome fellow of blonde is selling the book there signature, is Gilder Lockhart.
Harry three people, a person grasped a/Ben Gilder Lockhart book conveniently, rushed to the place that Grainier and his wife and Wesley and his wife lined up secretly.
“Oh, you may calculate, were being late we to arrange.” Madame Wesley somewhat is also anxious, the breath becomes rapid, she tries to comb oneself hair, immediately must see Gilder Lockhart, “we can see him immediately, but can also shake hand with him.” Thinks of here, she used the hand to touch a chest, felt the heart to speed up the beat.
, Was one's turn them gradually quickly, Gilder Lockhart is sitting behind the table, all around was his picture. In picture he of different appearance like one group of twin brothers, is turning toward everyone winking eye, reveals the white sparking tooth.
Middle Gilder Lockhart, wears a blue long gown, matches his blue eye, an apex sorcerer hat is slanting is wearing on a curl.
In a hand is lifting the short person man of black image product, is gathering round his unceasing photograph, the twinkle that the flashing light non-stop, spouts purple smog.
“Make way.” The short person man shouted loudly, seemed very hot tempered, scurried about to seek for the good shooting angle.
“It seems like I should also to you say that sorry.” Owen rubbed by that person of instep that steps on the pain, seems somewhat indignant.
Gilder Lockhart lifted the head, he is an outstanding performer. He can always seize the opportunity, turns into the propaganda exposure all accidents/surprises the good opportunity. Only needs to perform slightly, in the newspaper will present Gilder Lockhart to treat people amiability, affable news.
He raised the head, looked at Owen, saw side on that forehead has the scabs' boy. His look anchorage a meeting, was glittering quickly the light, he jumped to shout, “wasn't this our Harry Potter?”
Listened to Gilder Lockhart words, the person of lining up also to fill was excited and curious. Extends the head to look in Harry's direction, the surrounded vision makes Harry somewhat awkward. At this time Lou ha flushed especially, the crowd before his body, made way to say. He walks up, holds Harry's arm, dragging Harry to arrive in front of the table.
Is seeing the Savior in this legend, drives away the big boy of mysterious person,
The audience burst into the warm applause. Harry thought that oneself face has soon burnt, he wants to avoid the vision of people, but Lou ha grips his hand especially stubbornly, but also lets the photograph that the photographer non-stop. The short person man is pressing the shutter crazily, flees, is almost stepping on the person, causes one to call out in alarm intermittently.
“Maintains the smile, Harry.” Lou ha shows his signboard smile especially, exposes a white sparking tooth, “we can on the newspaper headline.”
When waits for Lou ha to let loose Harry's hand especially finally, Harry felt that oneself finger had been pinched numbly. He wants to return to the crowd, but Lou ha has not planned to end especially, he builds the arm on Harry's shoulder, the Harry tight clip in side.
Lou ha is waving especially, making everyone peaceful, is saying loudly, “ladies, gentlemen. This is the unusual moment, in this excellent situation, I must announce a small matter, this matter I have pressed had not been saying.”
Is hearing the Lou ha special voice, the people were peaceful, waits for matter that he is saying must announce.
“Today, our Harry Potter arrives at beautiful mark bookstore, autobiography that but to obtain me signs. But now, I am willing to take the gift this book, offers to him free of charge.” The scene breaks out the slating applause.
“But, he has not known...” A Lou ha special tone revolution, “he will obtain compared with my autobiography quickly, more precious gift. In fact, he and his friends, will obtain true me, I of meeting magic.”
In the crowd transmits one to call out in alarm, an applause.
Lou ha raised the sound especially, “is this, the ladies gentlemen, I very proud announcement, in September of this year, I will become the black magic defense technique class professor in Hogwarts Wizard School happily.” Lou ha said that also shows the charming smile to everyone, reveals the white tooth.
Cheering and applause of crowd became warmer, even in the crowd the curiosity because of the person who surrounded, was feared by this news. The duty of Hogwarts black magic defense technique professor, but had been cursed by the mysterious person, Gilder Lockhart actually ignores the danger, challenged this duty boldly.
Harry is completely muddled squeezed out the crowd, he discovers own arms, actually included the Gilder Lockhart complete work, no wonder will walk will sway. He pushes the wall, sees In Ni also here, side puts the crucible that is buying newly.
“These deliver you.” Harry pours into the crucible the bosom book, “I buy again.” He is not good to the Lou ha special impression, did not plan oneself leave behind these books.
“You are very proud, baud?” He was very familiar and incomparably repugnant sound braved, Harry stands immediately the body, looked at each other with March, on the face of opposite party that youthful forced smile.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 81 He awakens sensitively “renowned Harry Potter.” March elongated the tone intentionally, appears mystifying “enters a bookstore to become the front-page news.”

March is also buys the book, he has known ahead of time Gilder Lockhart will become the black magic defense technique professor of new school year. He even knows, Lou ha especially is a flashy but lacking substance idiot, but he also has the huge fame, like Harry Potter.
Thinks that the baud will become the headline of news with Lou ha virtue, he to these two being unworthy of the name great people, envies and envies, for a while cannot bear ridicule Harry.
“Do not talk nonsense, Harry does not want like this.” In Ni is looking angrily at March, she knows Harry gently, good. Harry does not want to obtain this fame, does not want to obtain the special amenities, this makes her to March's words very repugnant.
“Baud, you look for a hiding shortcomings girlfriend.” March is saying mystifying, In Ni one blushed, lowers the head, does not dare to look at Harry.
“Do not talk nonsense, only if before you want to arrive at beginning school ahead of schedule, is intimate one to punch.” Harry did not fear that March's provocation, he has been used to this to paste his sticky candy, but he cannot endure March to harm his friend.
No one notices, as Harry opens the mouth, the light that in the In Ni look flashes was dim.
Owen and He also held one pile of books to push sensitively.
“Is you.” A Owen face shuts out looks at March, “your eye is joined to is blue and purple color matches.”
March's face instantly becomes red, remembered previous time by the experience that Owen punched, is risen in a big way, “Wesley will also enter the store unexpectedly, will go shopping, I think, bought these things, your father mother took on hungry one entire moon/month.”
Owen also became flushed the face, like a getting angry cockerel, he throws the book on the ground. Maria rushes over, He keen must block him, Harry takes one step, kept off in the keen Shenqian, he also wants to punch March.
“Owen!” Mr. Wesley led Fred to push, he looks that Owen seemed like must fight, immediately stops, “do you want to do? Comes back quickly, we must go out.”
Owen is constraining the anger, drew back indignantly.
“Oh, is Arthur Wesley.” Lucius appeared in March behind, a hand built on his shoulder, on the face is hanging and his exactly the same forced smile, was really paired of false fathers and sons.
“Lucius March.” Response that Mr. Wesley coldly.
“Heard that you are the official business are busy these days, works overtime unceasingly.” Lucius is saying arrogantly, “so many inventories and confiscate, they paid certainly many overtime pays to you.” He puts in In Ni's crucible the hand, from most under extracts brand-new «Primary Distortion Guide».
“It seems like you got rich recently, do not use the secondhand goods, the degenerate of sorcerer also found the good master.” Lucius's complexion Yin clear uncertain, in the heart criticizes, “in bastards of magic section compel our place manages family affairs to harbor, making me lose seriously, this Arthur Wesley actually had on the auspicious day.”
“I know certainly that anything is the degenerate in sorcerer, March.” The face of Mr. Wesley also rises red, he is not a person who is good at the expression.
Lucius vision rotation, falls, in stood on one side Grainier and his wife with trepidation, what “has a look at you to become friends with is what? Wesley, I also think that your family has had no way to degenerate many.”
Grainier and his wife look that this Yin is at present deeper much the stranger, felt not comfortable. Although magic is interesting, but also is to them dangerous, they like the sorcerer, cannot add on the incantation of protection to themselves conveniently. They are accompanying the daughter each time, when the sorcerer world strolls, must be cautious, was unable to make own worry be discovered by the daughter.
They also listen to at present this person, was saying offended their words, but they had no means at this time.
Mr. Grainier looked is sensitive quietly to He, only felt that in the heart dismal, read “daughter at heart secretly, the father was useless, the father had no way to protect you.”
As if is of one mind being the same, He keen had also turned the head to look at this time to her parents, immediately her eye socket red, she read from father's eyes.
He is sensitive, is actually not does not understand. A person, has soft innermost feelings, complex inner world that likes fantasizing.
She for oneself slowness, feels deep remorse. He keen had not previously paid attention to have been to parents' predicament, they cared about her, they concealed too well.
She only thinks, the parents are also like her, by magic strange attracts strangely, will wallow in this colorful marvelous world. But she forgot, the parents are the adults, they have the fixed life and thought. They in the life are the respected dentist, the operation stability, the life are excited.
But here, there is called numb Gun, was regarded the fool. But this, they must accompany the smiling face, silly smiling, to avoid being discovered by oneself. Thinks of these, the tears in the sensitive eye socket soon have fallen He to raise head sensitively, did not fall by own tears, she closely grabs in the sleeve the magic wand, kept off before the parental body.
Mr. Grainier looks at daughter's expression, from accidental/surprised, to surprised, to regret, to guilty .... At this time protects the son small lion like one, keeps off with the small body before them.
Mr. Grainier first is surprised, is a regret, he not the good mood will pass to oneself daughter, but this is he wants to avoid by any means possible.
He puts out a hand, wants to pull open the daughter before body, protecting the daughter is his responsibility. His hand extends the midair, stopped, finally falling gently in He sensitive head, gently is rubbing. This is he the proudest daughter, this is he the proudest treasure, the daughter loves him for a lifetime, the daughter wants to protect him, he felt.
Is receiving the head warm big hand sensitively, feels the support of father the big hand is transmitting, the tears were also about unable to stop.
Madame Grainier also saw this, she has not spoken, but approached a point, the shoulder is pasting the husband, a hand placed on He's sensitive shoulder gently. At this time, the heart of family of three, like post one.
“Hateful Lucius!” Mr. Wesley is angry, ridiculed oneself can endure, but ridiculed that own friend this cannot endure. Is Grainier and his wife the good person? Just when drank the when genialness of couple, the loving care to daughter, mentioned He keen is proud, these made him remember profoundly.
Sees Lucius actually feeling to insult own friend, Mr. Wesley disregards, charged into Lucius like an enraging bull.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 82 mutual tolerance and understanding Lucius has not responded, had been hit on a bookshelf, on rack thick incantation book, pounding one after another in their heads.

Fred is swinging the both arms, shouted loudly, “refueled, punches him, the father you were good.”
Madame Wesley sends out an intermittent scream, “Arthur, leaves this, stops quickly.”
Owen takes the opportunity also to charge into March, actually held on by keen and nimble Madame Wesley, “you also want to cause trouble to me.”
The scream and confusion of corner spread the others in bookstore immediately, everyone is panic, flees in panic, knocked down more bookshelves, causes many calling out in alarm.
“Gentlemen, stop, acts charitably, asking you to act charitably.” The sales clerk in bookstore is comforting the people with the pitiful sound, but this does not have the function.
Until a big voice depressed all voice in hall, “makes, the gentlemen, making ....”
The giant who is higher than the people half body walked, with his cask same body, pushes the crowd, stepped onto. He one pulled away Mr. Wesley and Lucius, Mr. Wesley the forehead is inflamed, even stands in the one side, but also with looking angrily at the vision is staring Lucius.
Lucius corners of the eye blue and purple, in the hand is also pinching In Ni that «Primary Distortion Guide», he forces in the book her hand, in the eye is the scared ray.
“Small girl... with is good it, your father is not can afford the new thing each time.” Lucius worked loose arm, leads Draco, ran out of the front door quickly.
“You do not need to manage his, Arthur.” Puts out a hand to reorganize the gown for Mr. Wesley, actually does not push his one to stagger carefully, “they were rotten to the core, their family is this, as we all know. March family is fly-by-night, their family/home is smelly the blood. Did not need to care about them to say anything, we went our.”
The sales clerks look the chief criminal who at present these cause the accident, has a mind to block them to ask to compensate, but is seeing this huge body, two people also high heads, shrank quietly.
Had/Left the front door, Grainier and his wife also frightened the whole body to shiver, they have listened to the fearful hearsay of too many sorcerer world, although this time fought, but could not bear the fear at heart.
Madame Wesley is breathing heavily, “you may really be, to good lead that the children take, fights in the presence of everyone, how Mr. Gilder Lockhart will regard this matter...”
“He was happily bad.” Fred said with something else in mind, “I just came out, but also hears him to let «Prophet Daily» that fellow also interpolates the report the matter of fight, is good to cause the stir.”
Until returns to the broken cauldron bar time, everyone gradually returned to normal from just matter, rested a meeting, finally must go separate ways. Harry and Wesley must occupy finally humbly, Grainier must go home.
Everyone's longing farewell, Harry and Owen also left behind the keen family's telephone specially.
In the following parents go home sensitively peacefully, gets in safe home, has not discovered like anything. All like ordinary day, in family/home friendly, is intimate warm. But of opposite angle lane unceasing appears in her mind.
Night, He cannot read the book sensitively, like the ordinary day, has not conducted contemplation that every day arranges. She felt that the brain is very chaotic, she not like today helpless.
“Mom, or I did not go to Hogwarts to go to school.” He keen Bad a toy big bear, was beating open mother's study room, Madame Grainier under a bright desk lamp, is reading the academic report of medicine front.
Madame Grainier raised the head from the desk lamp, takes off the eye on bridge of the nose, surprised sees the present daughter, she is knows that own daughter to Hogwarts infatuated, “was the treasure, unhappy? Said to mother.”
“ Mom, I do not want to go to Hogwarts to go to school.
“ He keen Bad the toy big bear, is lowering the head, listless saying. Madame Grainier stood, she pulls He to arrive at the sofa of study room sensitively. Let the daughter sit down, gave her to carry one cup of hot milk. “Because of the matter of today's beautiful mark bookstore?”
“UN.” He sits on the sofa sensitively, lowers the head as before, but tight is hugging the teddy bear.
Madame Grainier puts out a hand, rubbed He's sensitive head gently, is saying in a soft voice, “, but these had passed, has solved, Mr. Wesley is a trustworthy friend. Do not be worried is too many, treasure.”
“... Has not passed... mother!” He's sensitive voice somewhat shivers, “I was too careless, I had not noticed, I should not be like this careless.”
“I like the magic the marvelousness, strange, I also excel at them very much, I can the relaxed learned to be able to perplex other schoolmates' spells. But the father and mother do not need the magic, the parents have oneself life, has the respected work. The parents should not be called numb Gun, the parents should not feel alarmed and anxious because of my matter.”
The sensitive eye socket somewhat moist, bewildered has been looking at mother.
“Treasure, you are really sensible.” Madame Grainier gentle saying, what the parents most hope is you are happy, this to us is the most important matter. “
Madame Grainier sat side He keen, hugged her shoulder to say with the hand.
“From the beginning we receive Hogwarts's admission notice time, I do not believe. After waiting for the teacher to prove, we were extremely also worried. The parents are the dentists, this is a very good work, is one is calm and steady, very tranquil work. Our life cannot be very colorful, but we like the present tranquil life.”
“Em!” He sensitive low voice responding, she also likes oneself family, likes in the family/home the tranquil life, although she agrees also to long for Hogwarts's marvelous risk.
“I have thought does not make you go to Hogwarts to go to school, I have not experienced magic. I do not know that you graduate, what work will look. I do not even know, your schoolmate is the young lady witch of bald headed big nose.” When Madame Grainier is recalling last year scene.
“Hahn” hears here, He could not bear Pu give a tongue-lashing one to smile sensitively.
“I must worry how you are in love, after graduating, perhaps can only marry the sorcerer, otherwise other boys, but will run away in fear by the status of your sorceress.” Madame Grainier has turned the head, closely gazes at He to be sensitive, in the eye worried completely.
“UN” He keen Hear worry of mother, is somewhat affected, thought that the ear somewhat feels hot. The mother actually thinks such remotely, she is only 12 years old.
“Was your father convinced me.” Madame Grainier in the eye is flashing luminously, “your father told me, the daughter was not extension that we lived, the daughter was not continuation of our life, was not our replica.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 83 He keen must leave school Madame Grainier to feel the sensitive head gently, “you are an independent person, you have your life, you will have alone own sad, alone own joy. We can support you in the back, guides you, actually cannot prevent you.”

“Father!” He sensitive gently twittering said.
“You are very since childhood sensible, you may be more intelligent than us in childhood. Especially was more intelligent than your father in childhood.” Madame Grainier mischievous blinking.
“Hahn, was the father very stupid in childhood?” He grins sensitively, smiled.
“, A little... first did not say this...” Madame Grainier is listening to He's sensitive issue, will reply, does not feel appropriately, changed the topic hastily. “We can see that you have like Hogwarts, you like the magic, you also excel at the magic. What is more important, you had many important friends there.”
“Friend.” He hears mother to say this sensitively, is the view shivers. She leaves school most cannot put down, most does not give up is not the magic, is not marvelous, strange magic. But is her these intimate friends, Harry, Owen, George, Nervy, Lu Na .....
He since childhood is very sensitively intelligent, no matter but intelligent child also child. They are very difficult to conceal oneself behavior, is very difficult to conceal own likes and dislikes, this lets their good intentions and evil intentions often displays the extreme nakedness.
Backwardness was hostile is disliked, advanced was also hostile repugnant. He's sensitive elementary school profession passes not joyfully, she has not arrived can learn to conceal the true idea, real wish age. But Grainier and his wife, does not have the plan to teach her to use these false arming ahead of time.
Hogwarts's one year, she has had not had previously the friend, true friend. They study together mutually, encourages together mutually, trains together mutually, fights together mutually. They protected the philosopher's stone together, they also beat the magic big demon together.
“Parents will support you, will protect you. After Hogwarts graduates, if you also want to continue to study. We can continue to go to school, can go to Cambridge, can go to Yale, can go to Harvard, you can be accepted.” Madame Grainier sees the daughter, confident saying.
“Em, I can be accepted.” He knows sensitively these schools are very difficult, but she can definitely be accepted. Even if the time is too tight, the schoolwork falls too, definitely can still go in the aid of the magic.
“If after you graduate, will want to be a sorceress, the parents will also support you, you will certainly become an extraordinary sorceress, least will also be a joyful sorceress.” Madame Grainier a face is definitely saying.
“Mom!” The sensitive two eyes brave the star, worship looks at Madame Grainier.
“Em, kissed one, the treasure rested earlier, mother looked that the meeting book also rested.” Madame Grainier drew the daughter, kissed ruthlessly in her forehead.
“Good mother, good night.” He sensitively somewhat shy hugged the teddy bear to run, in the gate outlet good night, closing the door gently, after coming out, He's sensitive look has become firm.
He sits in the corner of cafe sensitively, by the transparent landing display window, is looking on the street the hurried pedestrian. Pedestrian unceasing interlocking on street, they are pursuing oneself life, they are deducting oneself confusion.
The gate opened, suit and dress shoes, the full of energy military might man walked. Broad chest and shoulder, lining suit like an armor, in matching appearance delicate face like a movie star. The guests in cafe size up secretly are coming the person, guessed which star secretly this is.
Came the person to arrive at He's sensitive front directly, untied the most under suit buckle, sat, “how to think that suddenly must ask me to drink the coffee.”
“Troubles pot coffee, sweetens with the milk, thanks.” Comes the person to request low voice to the server.
“ Hahn, looked that George you put on such officially,
Also, thinks that drinks the coffee is also serious. “ He is gazing at George sensitively carefully, today's he seems very different, has not worn the long gown, but exchanges him of suit. Like the movie star, the suit is more suitable than the gown of sorcerer he. “You make me go to the gym, I can also recognize most instruments. He the coffee the words, I only know that can enhance the metabolism, sweetening the milk cannot be so bitter, can drink frequently.” George received the coffee from server there, these simple coffee the biggest advantage are convenient, come quickly.
“Said why suddenly wants to leave school.” George is stirring the coffee in cup with the ladle slowly, at the same time recalled receive surprised of He sensitive telephone.
He calls to tell George sensitively, she decides to leave school. This news is as good as Dumbledore to call to tell him, Lord Voldemort has reactivated completely. Naturally can Dumbledore use the telephone, George not to know, but He keen must leave school, indeed makes him very surprised.
He keen matter and own idea of opposite angle lane, 1510 told George. Her sound somewhat shivers, today's temperature is very warm. She holds the hot coffee with both hands, is feeling steam, perhaps is only because the steam can make her conceal the somewhat inflamed eye socket.
George silent long time, He's sensitive matter imagination is thornier, if other things, that is very good to be solved. The modern society, overwhelming majority difficulties are because economic problem. No matter the enterprise, vainly hoped for, is a family, these can improve through the economy. But to with him, the economic problem is not the issue.
Even if Grainier and his wife opposed that He goes to Hogwarts to go to school sensitively, this is not difficult. Encourages a person to pursue the freedom, when especially you can provide the real help, this is also simple, people always yearn for the freedom, when you have the capital, in having the idea and wish, the freedom took measures to result.
He sensitive do not want to go to school, she does not hope that is far from the parents, she does not hope that hears others to call her parents is numb Gun, she does not hope that her parents must worry about her.
“Have you and parents chatted?” George thinks, tries to seek for other breaches.
“Mother told me, they supported, they loved me, they hope that I was joyful. Therefore, even if they extremely worried, still sent me to Hogwarts to go to school, even they extremely worried, they still support my choice, they only hope that I am joyful.” He's sensitive voice somewhat sobbed, “this strengthened the idea that I left school, I loved them.”
“!” George gives He to be sensitive a handkerchief, “wipes tears, do not cry, otherwise, others think that I am Loki control to report to the police.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 84 George flickers greatly “.” He smiles through tears sensitively, the moved atmosphere one was made not to have by George, “you also use the handkerchief...” Her face is inconceivable.

“Handkerchief, the paper goods, the parasol, the sun block lotion, this is the necessary coverall of gentleman.” A George face proper expression, is saying the well-known matter probably.
Listened to George to say these, He keen was more inconceivable, “you were a sorcerer, you from the sorcerer family, how also looked like the female student compared with me, I go out will not bring these.”
“Being born in the sorcerer family only on behalf of the birth was the sorcerer, and had nothing greatly. Was born in the ordinary household, did not represent cannot become the sorcerer.” George blinks toward He sensitively.
“You definitely could not guess correctly that I have once thought is not the sorcerer, but is an average person. Goes to the US to make a fortune, goes to Wall Street, goes to Hollywood. Goes to live like an average person, is equally comfortable and relaxes, this to me is much simpler.”
“!” He opened the mouth sensitively, only then can display surprised with the rich expression, “does George this natural sorcerer, want to be the average person unexpectedly since childhood?”
“You know that I study, in my family the operation bookstore, follows since childhood my only has the book. Besides the book of sorcerer world, the books of numerous ordinary world.” George was explaining to the keen he feels strange the origin of idea.
Hears here, in He keens heart trembles, she knows George from slightly, only then grandmother only family member. Since childhood accompanies only has the book, behind simple a few words is actually hiding many stories.
“Therefore I very small time, wants to pass to be the average person. Does not need to be worried about the magic, does not need to be worried to explode, does not need to be worried from the broom to fall, does not use the black sorcerer who is worried about to emit suddenly.” George drank one cup of coffee, continues to mix fully, continued.
“But I have no way to do that finally, has no way to choose. If I do not know magic from the beginning, I can certainly peaceful is an average person. But when I knew, I am unable to flee magic, if I fled magic at this time. What to do later did Lord Voldemort win? What to do presented other careerists?”
George's voice is not loud, is very gentle, the information of transmission is very shocking.
“Lord Voldemort what to do, if won can?” He keen has not thought that is extremely from the beginning remote to her in Lord Voldemort, Lord Voldemort leaves the world of average person too to be remote.
Even in the event of philosopher's stone, Lord Voldemort regarding everyone is still only a code name, a noun. He is far from displaying in the story is so fearful. Although he in the magic illustrious prestige, becomes does not dare to say the mysterious person of name, but magic was too small. The influence of magic was too small, Lord Voldemort most reign of terror time, no influence on the tiny bit real world.
“If Lord Voldemort did succeed? He successfully ruled magic, perhaps law-abiding several years. But separation several years, he will start discontentedly, he will start to proliferate oneself frightened and evil, he will attack the real world. Perhaps he will be killed by the modern weapon, but perhaps, he can lead to the war, or he can rule the world.”
George has not exaggerated the terrifying of Lord Voldemort, he does not think that Lord Voldemort can certainly exceed the modern weapon, but perhaps, this still is very even fearful.
“Therefore, even if I know that I can go to a simpler life, I can easily handle the matter that wants to handle. But when I knew magic, when Lord Voldemort possible, I did not have the choice.” In George eyes is flashing the firm and resolute ray, categorical saying.
George will really have such idea, this makes sensitively very surprised.
She has only known George all schoolwork are much stronger, had not lost she also wants to catch up with George, wants to surpass George, exceeds George.
She only knows that George all time soak in the library, she also likes knowing the matter that similarly oneself do not know, likes discovering the unknown world.
She only knows that George holds any time to enhance oneself strength,
Her similar study anything is also quick, can always grasp to be able easily to perplex the spells of others. But she is these reason and George is entirely different, George like pursued by a beast of prey is running, but she merely because of hobby. Because of the hobby, this makes her study very with ease, studies very happily, is very comfortable. But similarly, she will therefore not be crazy, not but therefore fearful focus, even sacrificed other important things.
But George, like the food person beast of prey that having closely chases. His running, his study, his training, has the fear, has this pressure. This made him fill the power, ran enough rapidness, but also ran enough constraining.
“Actually without is so terrifying, does not have Dumbledore, in the school also has the professors, even magic section.” He keen has forgotten himself to leave school, is to obtain George's elucidation. Understood George is hiding huge secret, tremendous pressure He keen Hi who the body bears feels sympathizes, is only thinking enlightens George.
“Philosopher's stone time, we discovered, Dumbledore has the idea of subsiding, he was old, he was also tired. He has planned to throw up one's job, this is we discover together.” George was saying calmly everyone guessed at that time.
“Em, Dumbledore was somewhat old, but professor...” He keen more said that the sound is smaller, in appearing the air/I is insufficient, as if oneself do not believe.
“Philosopher's stone time, method and idea of we and professors, have had some contacts.” George's helpless smiling.
“They are not quite truly reliable, they will not believe us.” A also faces was sensitively depressed, remembered then scene, no matter how they reminded, how to warn the professor. The professors only treat as the child them, although they truly are the children.
“Magic section has not prevented Lord Voldemort.” George has not cared to the magic section, does not propose their loyalty, has with the courage that Lord Voldemort resists. The structure that solely they ossify and cannot be regarded the strong strength, is hard to play the role.
“We what to do?” He keen had been frightened by George's tentative plan, she thinks that Lord Voldemort possibly returns. But Dumbledore is old, planned that suicides is not dry. The professors are unreliable, the magic section could not count on. Thinks that Lord Voldemort may win, later possibly invades the real world, how when the time comes they will treat everyone, how to treat numb Gun in their mouth?
He also feels afraid sensitively, previously Lucius's pressure and frightened was not anything again, must know them before Lord Voldemort, was the subordinate who the fear trembled with the partisan.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The Chapter 85 new start “Dumbledore was old, he was tired, does not want to do. But magic needs to continue, needs the new successor, the peace can continue. No matter magic, is the real world, can maintain the original livelihood.” George has not deceived people, this is also his real idea, real wish, he also for this reason diligently.

“You plan become successor who replaces Dumbledore?” He sensitive face strange asking, she has not thought that George unexpectedly is this goal, is plans to become the resistance evil new successor unexpectedly.
“No, resists evilly cannot count on a person, the magic safety cannot count on a person, otherwise this person has the possibility like Dumbledore. He when Lord Voldemort runs muck, can only maintain reluctantly, after Lord Voldemort is defeated, is old wants to suicide.” George is searching the body, lowered the sound.
George is not respectable to Dumbledore, the age that after all he lives is not Dumbledore is shining. Dumbledore already completely secret in secretly, cannot take to the young people the strength and confidence.
“The candidate who therefore, you hope is, Harry, Owen, even...” He keen Than the eyeball, is hesitating erratically, but finally said that “also has me.”
“Besides you, everyone.” George's this time tone seems very relaxed, since is the strength of training just square formation, if possible, naturally does not dislike the just strength is too many.
“, Ms. He sensitive Grainier, you completed the resistance to be evil, safeguard the world peace. When dark oncoming, saved the preparation of the world?” George raised the sound, uses to sing the intonation that gracefully, the entire cafe heard.
He keen Hi feels the whole face to blush, she does not dare to look around, can actually feel that all around vision, is having the friendly happy expression to stare at her, but George's encouragement makes her be eager to try.
“When the darkness approaches, I will scatter the darkness, when the light abates, I will take into the light. Every my vision sees, the life and death is not surely resentful.” He keen under George's suggestion, with the clear sound of pleasant to hear, shouted loudly.
“.....” The cafe broke out a fierce applause, but also mixes with several to applaud.
He keen Hi thought that the ear and face must burn, she is drawing George, ran the cafe, as if also transmitted indistinctly, “will really play!”, “Young really good!”, “COSPLAY”, “guest has not paid up” such screams.
Under the curtain of night the moonlight arouses, above the jet black backdrop, embellishes is sparkling crowd of stars, in group star is surrounding and protecting bright moonlight. Under cold Yes silver white, such as the tissue, such as the light silk, falls in torrents in the high hillside, climbs up the palatial castle. The castle spire stands in great numbers the directional vault of heaven, the opened wide window, disclosed that the glistening brilliance, the transmission making noise sound makes noise.
In the castle a scene of jubilation, the high ceiling actually resembles transparently general, group star cold Yueju inclines by the ceiling, a piece kisses/intimate easily coldly. A ceiling point, the innumerable candles float downward in the midair, interrupted the chilliness of sky, is lighting the warmth of hall.
The orange candlelight, according to Hogwarts's big restaurant is resplendent in gold and jade green, the teachers and students all happily gather in one place.
That broken and old, is hitting the branch hat of patch.
He looks under the branch hat sensitively the cautious new student|life, has a feeling, last year she was also this, is waiting for judging of branch hat carefully. But this year, she is the student of second grade, had crossed a school year in Hogwarts, has become an outstanding sorceress.
She raises the thought of the opposite angle lane leaving school, to going home with discussing of family member, she has prepared leaving school. But finally she was convinced by George, where can such fleeing easily, where can also flee easily. Knows magic mysterious mystery, she has no way to go back to be a simple little miss similarly.
Let alone, like George said that in the life would not being unsatisfied, not smooth time.
If this time flees, how next time should. The shadow of Lord Voldemort also covers in magic, once the plot of Lord Voldemort works, after he controlled magic, not forever law-abiding. The security of real world, cannot only place hopes in others to protect, protects the heavy responsibility of family member, cannot only send the hope and escapes from magic.
She believes that George can achieve finally, can prevent Lord Voldemort, but she also hopes oneself will participate, oneself will make contribution. She has not told oneself parents these, but she had decided, she will protect the good parents. Protects the good school, protects all that she likes.
“Said, they can't branch hat patching? Must do such tattered, looks to act like a madman.” He looks the coolie that sensitively another has the attractive golden hair, wears that top broken hat in the head, cannot bear complains low voice.
“It is not, I also said that even if could not patch even, at least needs to wash cleanly.” Magnate Pettily heard He's sensitive complaint, immediately approves, she is He's sensitive roommate, an attractive Indian miss, two people relate also well.
Looks that newborn was divided into the different schools one after another, causes an intermittent applause, He feels sensitively very happy. Has not left school really well, such life is really good.
Saw that the branch ceremony must end, He cannot bear sensitively finally looks around everywhere, where Harry and did Owen these two fellows run? Then, He on the train had not seen Harry and Owen sensitively, at that time had not been caring with her who George is chatting specially. Only knows that the school naturally saw.
But now the evening banquet immediately starts, Harry and haven't Owen appeared unexpectedly? This surprises her.
Thinks of here, He keen looked at the vision to Latin Crowd square formation George, he just and nearby Kate chatted, “George should not know.” He talked over sensitively at heart silently, George on the train was she in the same place, should not see Harry and Owen.
“Your some people know where Harry and Owen they did run go? The evening banquet must start immediately.” He keen Begun body, asks others, “do you see them on the train? I on the train have not seen him.”
“I have not seen Harry they, but, should appear at this time no matter what.” Nervy somewhat is also caught off guard, He keen and Harry, Owen friendship is best, she does not know, who can know?
Others also said that no one has seen Harry and Owen, “we have not been seeing Harry and Owen on the vehicle.”
“I help you ask Fred they.” Feels He's sensitive worry, Nervy pushed in Fred's direction.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 86 courted disaster “they not to appear, no one has seen Harry and Owen.” He cannot bear be worried sensitively, she even associates to get up, oneself have raised the thought of leaving school, did Harry and Owen leave school? She thought that this idea is unlikely, but had not been seeing Harry and Owen, making her be terribly suspicious and fearful, cannot bear guess this possibility.

Quick Nervy pushed hurriedly, saying of panting, “troubled, Fred has not seen Harry and Owen, they go to nine and 3/4 platforms together. But in platform there, they were separate, the words that now Harry and Owen have not come, definitely missed the train.”
“Oh!” He keen is covering the forehead with the hand, only feels annoyed, “they will have the mufti- stupid people to miss the train, can't a morning point wait in the station?”
“That... what to do?” Such situation makes Nervy helpless, his stutter was asking He is sensitive, wanting He keen to be able with offering advice.
“Only then under time, we gave Maine to teach saying that although may be scolded finally, but the professor should to meet Harry and Owen.” He rotates sensitively focuses on the bead, found out means that although will be taught to scold by Maine when the time comes unavoidably, but the train their two people will not only send out for Harry specially.
“That this, waited for me to go with Maine to teach saying.” Had the means that Nervy spoke not stutter, Harry has helped his many times, he also hopes that can help Harry.
“Goes together, person many, Maine teaches criticizing the meeting is not severe.” Begins school first day to have such condition, lets some sensitive headaches, who lets her and Harry they are a friend?
But was quick they not to need to look for Harry, the evening banquet started shortly, they heard various strange news about Harry.
“Harry was dismissed, some people on the train, seeing the space to have the automobile that can fly to pursue the train. They said that Harry has not caught the train, in automobile that in that can fly.” Nervy is saying fearful and apprehensive, he is extremely worried about Harry, but also without and other evening banquets ended, is looking for Maine to teach everywhere, has not seen Maine to teach, heard some fearful hearsay actually.
“This is who said? Automobile that can fly, this is somewhat absurd, the sorcerers do not drive the automobile.” He keen does not believe these, she knows that the sorcerer does not have the automobile, they do not use the electric lamp, does not have the refrigerator.
“Was March they said that their branch ceremony time, discovered that Professor Shape was not, then Maine taught also disappears. Finally, Dumbledore, other professors all disappear, Harry they brought the big trouble.” Nervy complexion is pallid, the speech starts the stutter to get up.
“Nervy, March's words a wee bit are done not worry incredible, the school will dismiss the student like this.” He keen Qingsheng is comforting Nervy, at heart is actually one tight.
Although March the person is very bad, but the news is very quick, Harry and Owen possibly really caused trouble. If were taught to discover that by Maine was also scolded, most point deduction, but was held by Shape, he will definitely retaliate Harry. Now also alarms Dumbledore, He sensitively also impatient.
He wishes one could to look for Maine to teach sensitively to ask why immediately, but now Harry they, if were really held. Results in the prophet Taoist scripture, can find the way to deal.
At once, the good food of evening banquet also becomes insipid, He can only comfort itself sensitively, “, even if they to catch up with the train used the magic, is not the specially big matter, will not be dismissed.”
He was sensitively anxious waits for the evening banquet to end, Nervy could not stop the worry, ran around the inquiry news, transmitted more and more bad information.
“Harry they drove to run upon got in the person willow tree, had fed in the hospital.”
“Harry they drove to run upon the hillside, is disabled.”
“Harry they drove to fall into the lake, in the school the teachers saved them completely, but came back incurably.”
“ Harry they died.
“ Nervy cried sadly. “Nervy, do not believe March these nonsense. Also do not inquire the news, we and others can see Harry.” He is frowning sensitively, the sound enhanced little, she previously had to think that prevents Nervy to inquire the news, but cannot bear worry at heart.
Then is hearing more and more odd news, guessed correctly that possibly is March in the blind biography, under the heart, although flurried, will not actually be deceived by him.
“Em, we hurry to look for Harry.” Although Nervy was deceived by March runs around in circles, but knows whose words are more credible, have the sensitive affirmation, was short of several points of flurry.
The evening banquet ended, He led Nervy to find Maine to teach sensitively, March is making out of whole cloth as she said. Maine teaches does not want to discuss that Harry's matter, only told their Harry to return to the dormitory.
“They will not at least be dismissed.” He sensitive is saying, while hasty runs toward the dormitory.
“You two what's the matter? Everyone discusses spiritedly, March compiled big pile of rumors. Said that you were dismissed, said the automobile that you are meeting to fly ran upon the hillside to be disabled. Said the automobile that you are meeting to fly fell into the lake even Dumbledore to save you.”
He runs over sensitively, the right views Harry and Owen were stopped up in the entrance of dormitory, they have not known that the new school year passes the fat madame oil painting the password.
“March is talking nonsense, we have not run upon the hillside, has not fallen into the lake.” Owen is saying with clenched jaws, he a lot of air/I, listens to March to arrange them carelessly.
“We will not be dismissed.” Harry comforts He to be sensitive carefully, noticed that He keen worried for him, he also feels somewhat embarrassed.
Automobile that “in other words, you are truly meeting to fly? Also, was held.” He's sensitive tone seems very severe, they will make such absurd action, “can't you inform the teacher to meet you? Automobile where you come?”
“Do not talk incessantly again, were we just by the old teachings, what adopting the password?” On Owen face revealed one is not impatient, who wants like this? Who wants to be held? Today was really unlucky, Fred has flown not to have an accident many times. They actually not only missed the train, but also ran upon got in the person willow tree, finally was discovered by Shape coincidentally, was really the misfortune never singly comes.
“Adopting the password is the honey-eater.” Nervy's low voice saying, he so long as saw Harry to be all right were good, He sensitive some were too severe.
“This is not the minor matter...” He keen is more impatient, she wants to talk incessantly, wants to preach? Who is willing to talk incessantly, who is willing to preach? Not, because their things overstep the limit, brought the big trouble. They feel unlucky, He is also sensitively wronged. Her anything wrong does not have, must be worried about them, finally must educate them.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The Chapter 87 stupid boy He's sensitive words had not said that was broken, the portrait of fat madame answers the door to open, reveals the people in common room. They see Harry and Owen, bursts into the warm applause. Georgian sweet orchid smell many schoolmates have not rested, pushes in the circular lounge is waiting for Harry and Duo Ellie tells their risks.

The gate opens, many both hands on warm towed Harry and Owen, He has to crawl sensitively.
“It was good!” Lee Jordan gave Harry a warm hug, “is really the extraordinary risk, unforgettable experience. The car(ridge) that is meeting to fly, runs upon the dozen of person willow trees, people can remember profoundly, in discussion many years.”
He keen Hear Lee Jordan's exaggerating intonation, has not been understanding for a while he is praises or taunts. Careful the expression that looks at determined for quite a while, yes, this is really the praise.
“Great.” This is the higher grade student who a Harry does not know, his face rises red, to this experience, appearing Bhaji is excited.
The person who another does not know is patting Harry's back, “does attractively.” Harry feels somewhat awkwardly, he does not know that the expressions of this person of empty boasting, are praising or sympathizing.
Fred pushed with great difficulty front, a face complained, “how you did not call the same place me.” Harry looked, Fred was the sincerity wants to come while the ticket with them together.
He looks at present these boys sensitively, only thought that they are completely the lifeforms of another world. She for a while interest is waning, without and Harry in the mood of speech, returned to the dormitory directly.
Also, is not everyone is praising Harry, Nervy is worried about Harry's risk, he has not gone forward.
Harry also looks that Percy is pushing toward here, on his face some were not happy, might come to scold them. Harry held hastily Owen with the elbow, the head toward that side leaning, Owen understands immediately.
“Quite tired, I first rested.” Owen stretches oneself, installs listlessly, the under foot actually sped up the footsteps, two people pushed toward another side entrance.
Squeezes out the gate, returned to the dormitory across revolving staircase Harry and Owen. Returns to the familiar circular room, Owen's ashamed smiling, “I know that this is not worth the self-satisfied matter, but this...”
The dormitory gate was shoved open, their roommates also flushed, “really cannot believe.”, “Cool.”
Harry and Owen look one, could not bear smile happily.
“They were too stupid, missed the train, can inform the professor, can try to find other solutions.” He keen Lao the arm, on the face is revealing by their stupidities were startled the expression. “They open the ticket that can fly to come to the school unexpectedly, but also hits on getting in the person willow tree, finally also caught in the act by Shape.”
George is listening to He's sensitive complaint with total concentration, often nod, sends out “.” Sound.
“They are almost disabled, they almost died, was almost dismissed. They also damaged a trolley, this trolley has not known is whose.” He keen more said is more indignant, in the eye braves the flame, “what is more inconceivable, others actually thought that this is the exquisite peerless risk, I and they simply are not a lifeforms of star.”
He keen said, suddenly is staring at George with the severe vision, “George you not also with these male is the same, thinks that this is very good matter.”
Suddenly was turned against one's associates by He in view of sensitively, on George's careless face, showed the strange expression, the unstated criticism, what words “did this call at heart secretly? What am I with other male differences.” Looks that He is sensitive, the severe expression, George cannot bear titter, “, if you also on the vehicle, definitely were not this complain.”
George may remember that He also participates in the risk sensitively a lot, she participates in secret raising the dragon, sends off that Norwegian dragon Robber. Philosopher's stone time, through three dogs, the devil net, the key room, these may have her share. Also, is this time only looked that this Harry and Owen make mistakes,
Will only think that two people are completely impervious. Naturally George definitely cannot say these words, he hesitated a meeting, is considering own word usage, “Harry they were too risky, they miss the train, a brain heat, was only left over to pursue the thought of train.”
He keen Hear George must as if they defend Harry, for a while frowns, makes “UN” the sound.
George looked at a to be sensitive, immediately supplements, “, but this was not very good.”
A keen CAI face satisfactory slight nod, hinted George to continue, “their automobiles came from Owen's father, Mr. Wesley, but this violated the magic section, forbidding the goods to abuse the magic the law, this will bring the trouble to Mr. Wesley.” For does not injure to He is sensitive, George has not deliberately said hemp melon word.
“They not only take risk, will also involve Mr. Wesley, this was too bad.” He also mentioned until George sensitively, knows that this situation, for a while about Owen their risks was not happier, Mr. Wesley punched Lucius in beautiful mark bookstore, she impression was very good to Mr. Wesley.
“What is most important is, they might be injured, will die. The automobile that can fly after all is only an automobile, the distance is all the way remote, is dangerous.” What George said is the real soul talk, Harry their time biggest mistakes, is extremely risky.
Although magic automobile after several improvements of Mr. Wesley, but from an automobile of abandonment, re-equips with very limited conventional material after all. The performance is limited, this long-term travel can insist, has to say the retrofit technology of Mr. Wesley was getting better and better, has saying that is Harry their luck is good.
“Automobile, if a point had an accident early, they must faced with fall from the midair, or advances the fearful result in lake.” George analyzed Harry the possibility on their road, at this time said that also thought that they were lucky.
Is listening to this same judgment, He believes sensitively finally George and he is stands, well satisfied nod.
When goes near the school, the aerocar could not have maintained, finally will run upon the dozen of person willow trees. Owen only thinks oneself are the luck is not good, perhaps but in fact they are not lucky, but cannot calculate that absolutely the luck is not good.
If the automobile in a wee bit has an accident early, they crashed in the lake, without rescuing of others. Perhaps today, Hogwarts must hold the funeral to them.
If the automobile has an accident in the midway, in the midair, Harry and Owen simply do not have the sufficient ability to protect itself, similarly is more unfortunate than fortunate. Exactly said that their time can be lucky, is only in a long string luck, suddenly the return meets to board to destroy normally is grasped, but anymore unfortunately will bring the disaster general consequence to them.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


“What Chapter 88 causes trouble to be a scapegoat most makes me unsupportable is, they actually do not know to repent, felt oneself have not made the any mistake, even also feels me to talk incessantly, even also therefore self-satisfied.” He cannot bear sensitively to George grumbles, she cared Harry and Owen, cannot think Owen actually thought she talks incessantly.

“They think that I do want to preach? They think that I am impervious, person of having a joke backfire? I am worried about them, was treated by them unexpectedly like this.” This is to make feel sensitively most suffering place, obviously she is the person of most innocent worry, finally Owen they happy proud takes risk, finally also shuts out her to talk incessantly.
“Owen's such view was really bad, by the girl care was how wonderful matter.”
George enters the gentry pattern immediately, a face righteous I is denouncing impervious Owen. Talked at length that by the female student concern is how wonderful matter, Owen is Celestial how altogether indignant.
He's sensitive face exudes one to blush, “does not have, actually I am not good, I should also forgive them, after all they do not want like this.”
Is listening to George's complaint, talked into Owen's behavior is unforgivable, Celestial altogether indignant. Also, talked into own care is, cared, sympathized gently, He keen was praised somewhat embarrassed. Even starts to say some own shortcomings on own initiative, not Jeangeorges said oneself extremely perfectly.
“Owen because injures to caring about his girl, but by may you be punished by heaven. Madame Wesley will teach quickly ruthlessly his, they were held by Shape let alone, this time will not easily let off them.” George slightly changes mind, thinks Owen's later result, said these simply, being used to comfort He to be sensitive.
“Before this me, has not thought that said, Owen is also a victim.” He naturally does not hope sensitively Owen was punished, because was worried that he and Harry, she so will be sensitive, then vitality/angry.
Also, because was worried, because she Owen does not know the good intention to be angry, but thinks that now Owen severely will be punished immediately, at this time also started for him and Harry was worried.
Is speaking, the matter that she is worried about, has started to happen.
The postmen came, the dense and numerous owls welled up, they circle sky over the assembly hall. Then throws down the letter and package from the midair.
“I really hope that they can use friendlier point way, or receives a room.” George is seeing the crowded owl, cannot bear complain.
The fellow who these fly round is far-fetched, except for will be intercepted, will also shed hair, gives the thing also to throw down everywhere. They fly each time, George must complete the guard, avoids becoming that stupid unlucky egg.
Today this unlucky egg is Nervy, a big package pound in his head, meanwhile ash whistling big fellow fell into his bowl, splashes a milk and feather.
“Is the owl that Owen family/home that soon died.” He also noticed sensitively, was away from that sides of several tables, the condition that the standard sweet orchid smell had much.
“You looked, Owen must be punished.” George blinks toward He sensitively.
He keen Ciao, starts to be worried about Owen, “will not have anything.” She somewhat anxious asking George.
“Was scolded is the affirmation, but fortunately, the school has not planned to dismiss him, Madame Wesley will not expel the main house gate him.” George is saying with the relaxed tone, “causes trouble to be a scapegoat, the making mistakes association/will court disaster.”
With ease good play that He keen and George look at Owen.
Owen may not feel the relaxed, yesterday's self-satisfaction, yesterday's relatedness, when sees own owl, one did not have. He received a howling letter/believes, he has been able to imagine his mother that full anger.
“Oh, god, that was really bad.” He only wants to look for a crack to drill, many talks incessantly and scolds leave alone, he only thinks that these have not happened.
But the reality is so always fearful,
Then is not joyful. He is shivering both hands, cautious takes up that howling letter/believes, rips open it, rips open half, the giant voice blew to fly him, the letter/believes also blasted out. “... Stole the automobile, if you were dismissed, I am not accidental. When you come back from Hogwarts, looked how I tidy up you. You do not think probably from the start, I and your father discovered the vehicle did not have is what mood... you... you...”
Yelling of Madame Wesley, like using the most fearful amplifying magic, made a sound 100 times compared with the ordinary day. Shakes the table chair of hall slightly to shiver, the huge sound passes to all around stone wall to rebound, the people in entire assembly hall were shocked, what magic is this?
Owen lies under the table, cannot see the form completely.
“Yesterday evening, midnight received Dumbledore's letter, we soon were ashamed died. We suffer great hardships you raise grow up, has not thought certainly, you will make such matter, you and Harry almost died ....”
Table nearby Harry was also shaken unstably by the voice.
“... I was about to be wild with rage, your father was still accepting the inspection to the present last night, this was your mistake. If you are dishonest, we get you!”
Roared stopped finally, all around was quiet, separated long time, the assembly hall had the sound.
He looks sensitively that side stupidly is standing dull Harry and Owen, some do not endure, “Madame Wesley is quite severe.”
“Now thought that Owen also does dare to violate such mistake?” George the head, is hinting Owen's present situation.
“I think that he really does not dare.” He is saying sensitively heavyhearted, “Mr. Wesley must accept the examination, he is a good person.”
“Don't worry, department of Mr. Wesley, only then he with another senior sorcerer, the magic section did not find he such good staff member easily, moreover Mr. Wesley does not care about the work of magic section very much.” The comfort of George gentle voice He is sensitive, in the unstated criticism, “Mr. Wesley must by the removing from office words, probably work to me secretly wholeheartedly.”
“Hope so.” He keen to a Wesley situation and was inferior that George understood like that also knows that George cannot say side words, immediately felt at ease.
“Are you also mad Owen now?” George returned to the topic from the beginning, reminding He is sensitive her purpose in coming from the beginning.
He hesitated sensitively a meeting, thinks, “is not angry, he later does not dare again this.”
“Right, is this.” A George face praise looks at He to be sensitive, has not thought that this little miss is with good intention, “you are angry are also because is worried about them, is afraid them to take risk, harms itself. Now they do not dare, received the penalty, at this time reminded them again, will only arouse their punished resentment.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 89 enlightens He keen “, is quite complex.” He keen Hear George's words, was thinking that is reasonable. But she actually does not want to result in so many, she more thought Harry Owen received the penalty to be somewhat pitiful.

“Still remembers Shape and Harry's relations.” George is trying example, making keen better to understand.
“Harry's father has saved Professor Shape a life, therefore he hates Harry.” He pulls the hair sensitively, recalls Harry had spoken words.
“But Shape actually does not want to harm Harry, but also tries to protect him, in the GUI wonderful field, on philosopher's stone.” George guides He to recall these things sensitively, to explain the Shape's special sentiment to Harry.
“But he hates Harry very much, always embarrasses Harry, Harry also hates him very much.” He is pondering over Harry and Shape's complex relations sensitively, among them is really puzzled, “he to Harry father the hatred continues to Harry on, this is unfair, is not honest.”
“Is this, you looked, a person wants to protect a person, two people do not need to be the friends, two people even can be the foes.” George two one, Harry and Shape's relations also are really wrong complex, no one can manage clearly.
“Then in other words, a person cared helps a person, will not necessarily result in comes the good intention, approves.” He is very sensitively intelligent, is intelligent, she always understands everything right off.
“You are so always intelligent, like your yesterday's care, you only needed to reveal, they know. But if you repeatedly reminded, they will think that you are ridiculing them.” George elucidates He to be sensitive, an intelligent and gentle person, is actually the easiest injured, they think many, injures many.
“, Is quite complex.” He keen Huang shook the head, some are unhappy, “cannot select the sincerity, few repertoires.”
“You think that the too few anticipation book, little presents a topic, little studies a point, then with first?” George is saying with something else in mind, lifted one with the sensitive personal related example.
“This different.” He thought sensitively the book so will not be complex.
“Really the difference obtains the good achievements to require the time, needs the energy, needs to practice, why thought that the friend can easily obtain?” George serious asked.
He does not approve in the reality this friendship, treats as the natural person the sentiment. What loves me, contains all my, what friend, must trust unconditionally. Are you kidnap or kill and torch? The sentiment is never unidirectional, is not the dissoluteness of no bottom line.
The sentiment needs two coordination, unilateral keeping on proclaiming is hello/you good, is only the accusation of occupying a commanding position. Only some cans provide the suggestion of practical method, is the true suggestion.
If He keen Nenggou proposed yesterday, making Owen be exempt from the means that mother scolded, Owen will definitely not think that He talked incessantly sensitively wordy.
But when He can only the reminder they make mistakes sensitively repeatedly, at this time cared that also only turned into the accusation, Owen and Harry do not like this care, others are also very difficult to like, perhaps only then George will like.
“You know that March and Harry do meet for the first time what's the matter?” George knows certainly that He does not know sensitively, March and Harry's first meeting time, only then he and March's two personal servants presents.
“I only remember that at that time they had a falling out.” He is frowning sensitively, recalled, her memory is good, but also remembers the matter on train.
“March wants to become friends with Harry from the beginning.” George is searching the body, lowered the sound, to avoid makes others hear.
He keen Deng the eye, opened the mouth, a face is inconceivable. March and Harry's hatred, not Shape are few, and even more, but does March most start to ask Harry unexpectedly to be the friend? “This is how possible.”
“Fact is so.” Letting goes that George thinks otherwise, “ this is a repugnant person would make a mess of all things,
March's repugnant one point has not been short, he wants to become friends not like the normal person. “ “Words that like this spoke.” He is pursing the lips sensitively, remembered some, no matter makes anything, association's youthful fellow, “like Shape, wants to protect Harry obviously, we also thought that he must murder Harry.”
“Is this.” George also likes this example, said youthful time, Shape is really a standard case, “March found Harry on the vehicle specially, he even has peeped Harry in the opposite angle lane. But he one said wants with Harry was the friend the time, his tone and manner only want to make one deliver to his face the fist.”
“Results in conceivably.” He is covering mouth sensitively low voice smiling, this youthful March, from his there even transmits what word of praise, but will pass through him like being polluted, he has the fearful pollution load.
“Was not the good intention enough.” George said the most essential word, “March, even to become friends makes people very repugnant. Because he has been used to become one to provoke the troublesome, youthful person. His manner, his tone, his movement proves this all, but his true idea, his innermost feelings plan is not worth mentioning.”
“Oh, this is really the fearful fact.” Although He keen the mouth is always saying complex, troublesome, but also closely remembers George's words at heart, she does not want to become repugnant fellow of one absolutely like March.
At this time, Maine taught, she gave He keen send/hair a class schedule. Why she has not asked He keen Latin Crowd here, but gave her class schedule directly, the good student always to make the teacher like.
He looked down the class schedule in hand sensitively, waited on with on Hatch Patch together herbal medicine class.
“It seems like I must walk, waited a while in herbal medicine class.” He sensitive hurriedly and bit several sandwiches, mixed the milk to swallow.
“Attends class happily, scores points the young expert, waited not to mind Harry and Owen they.” George blinks toward He sensitively.
“Giggle.” He keen Ciao, she liked this nickname, “scored points the young expert.”
When He sensitively again with Harry, Owen in the same place, she has become very friendly. They had/left the castle together, across vegetable plot, to herbal medicine greenhouse. Here is training various plants that has the charm, these plants, often are also in the demon medicine class the source of material.
They come time, other schoolmates also arrived, is only waiting for Professor Sprout. Professor Sprout arrived quickly, her side also following new black magic defense technique class teacher Gilder Lockhart.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 90 demon medicine class Professor Sprout is somewhat short, on the long hair wears a hat that is sewing the patch, is simple. On the clothes is moistening many soils, even in the nail also has. Compares the sorcerer, her some resembles farmers, her work also like the farmer, the sum total plant have to do.

Gilder Lockhart actually spotless, clean elegant blue-green gown, on sparking golden hair matches blue-green to inlay the ceremonial hat of gold-edged from top to bottom.
“Hi, everyone's good.” Lou ha especially warm and schoolmates are greeting, reveals a white sparking tooth, “how I gave Professor Sprout to demonstrate to treat a moment ago to get in the person willow tree, but I do not hope that you will think I have the research compared with her in the herbal medicine study, I have met some unusual plants in the travel.” Lou ha especially mischievous blinking.
“Today attended class in the third greenhouse.” Professor Sprout deep and gruff voice saying, her face belt/bring resentful face, did not have in those days relaxed happy.
Talking in whispers of students face anticipation, this is the first time that they entered the third greenhouse, they also only had previously gone to the first greenhouse. Because the plant of third greenhouse is rarer, is more dangerous, they previously did not have the opportunity to attend class here. Also, does not know is because on second grade, because of the professor today the special mood.
Professor Sprout takes out a big string key, opened the front door with a special brass key. The gate shoves open, moist soil aura, is mixing with the mix smell of manure and plant passed on.
The plant of third greenhouse is somewhat unusual, the flower is bigger than the umbrella, dangles from the high ceiling. He sensitive unusual is looking at all around, the strange plant is found in all around, she also sees the giant pitcher plant same plant.
Her following teacher stepped into the greenhouse, at this time Lou ha was drawing Harry especially suddenly, told Professor Sprout, he needs to take Harry's some time. Professor Sprout has not complied, his drawing Harry was closing the front door.
Professor Sprout appears some is not happy, arrived at the greenhouse professor center directly, everyone following professor went to the attending class place.
In the greenhouses a small table, on the table is putting the earmuffs that more than 20 colors are varying horizontally, the professor makes everyone stand that not to move, waited for several minutes, Harry walked quietly.
The people arrived in full finally, teaches complexion some impatient asking, “today, we study to the mandrake change the basin. Now, can anyone of you say the characteristics of mandrake?”
He knows sensitively professor some were not happy, but this may not involve on her, as a good student, to attend a lecture earnestly, answered the issue of teacher she needs earnestly.
Her hand sets upright immediately straightly, everyone does not feel the accident/surprise.
Professor Sprout sees the top student He's sensitive coordination, the complexion was slightly more moderate, “Miss Grainier.”
“Mandrake, names Manner Reign, can be used to manufacture the strong effect on restore the medicinal preparation.” He is recalling the record on textbook sensitively, each character remembers very clearly, the lively delightful sound the standard answer will read, “can the distorted person in the person of wicked incantation, restored to the healthy condition.”
“Is good, Miss Grainier obtains the ten points for the Georgian sweet orchid smell.” He's sensitive standard replied, making the mood of Professor Sprout also good. The complexion was more moderate, gave very high awarded marks, then also added that “mandrake was very commonly used antidote formula, used, in many restored in the middle of the medicinal preparation. It is also meanwhile dangerous, who knows that is why?”
Generous of Professor Sprout surprises people, usually will rarely have professor awarded marks to exceed five points. Rare, awards marks of young expert He's sensitive hand scrubber, immediately raises up, almost bumps into Harry's head.
“The crying sound of mandrake can die.” She gives immediately let the professor satisfactory answer.
“Is absolutely correct, in the additional ten points.” Professor Sprout once again, displayed her astonishment generously.
He sensitively was much happier,
She is staring at Professor Sprout covetously, immediately must prepare to reply that more issues, today this minute is good to gain. Two simple questions, she had snatched to the standard sweet orchid smell for 20 points, although some are not quite fair, but she had noticed that the school cup made great strides forward toward the Georgian sweet orchid smell. These Harry also somewhat is even eager to try, usually in the professor class is very discrete, awarded marks always one point two points slowly gives. Today Professor Sprout is generous exceptionally, even Harry also wants to make a minute for oneself, is used to make up for in the demon medicine class certainly Shape by the difference that deducts.
Others also somewhat responded, is ready to fight in abundance, is only the words of such issue, many people have also to reply self-confidently.
Very pitifully, Professor Sprout also seemed to think oneself are generous, she no longer continues to inquire, but is hinting everyone, “attention looks here, these are the mandrakes, they are very immature.”
She is pointing by the table, a row of bottom very deep tray. The students follow the direction that she points at to face forward to collect, wants the observation this marvelous and fearful plant of short distance.
Harry takes a quick look around, there has over a hundred green belt/bring purple seedlings fully, seems like too has not distinguished with the ordinary nursery. His summer vacation time has not put many thoughts in the herbal medicine class, at this time does not know from the start mandrake how “weeping sound” is a matter.
Professor Sprout more time has not observed to everyone carefully, before delayed a meeting, this meeting must control the good attending class progress, she urged, “everyone took the good earmuffs.”
Harry hurried to go forward to take black earmuffs, he gave back to Owen also to snatch one, responded Nervy who patted slowly only waited till pink down earmuffs, Harry can only in mourn for him at heart silently.
He has turned the head, does not look at this astonishing picture, hears Professor Sprout to urge loudly, “under you take the earphone, must solid, a slit that the ear covers cannot stay behind, must a sound unable to hear.”
She shouts greatly, “, when can take off the earmuffs time, I will hint the security with the hand signal, you can take off the earmuffs. Without my order, no one must take off the earmuffs, I do not want then to see you in the hospital. Then... the present takes the earmuffs.”
Harry put on the earmuffs in hand rapidly, the sound-insulated effect is very good, he entered one absolutely not to have the world of sound all of a sudden.
Professor Sprout also took green down earmuffs to oneself, then she rolls up the sleeves, reveals the arm, tight holds a thick grass, made an effort to pull out it.
Harry hit one to tremble, somewhat daunted, buried in earth was not the grassroots, but was a very ugly baby. The leave of grass on taking root firmly on it, on the light-green skin is many spots, it's both legs chaotic tread goes all out to struggle, shouts loudly.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The 91 st bad curriculum Professor Sprout pulls off a big pot from the table, forced in earth the mandrake baby who going all out to struggle ruthlessly, Harry noticed that this only feels one thump.

The professor covers solid the mandrake with the moist deep soil, only has one clump of leaves also to reveal outside, this patted the soil on hand, hints the security toward everyone, then cast off own earmuffs.
Harry waits for the professor to cast off the earmuffs not to have the sound, took off own earmuffs carefully.
“The mandrake that these are used to demonstrate is also only the seedling, will therefore hear their crying aloud is not killed.” The professor calm is saying, seemed that astonishing one generally to be just ordinary to the lawn loose earth.
“They will let your stupor several hours, I want just to begin school, you have not arrived, wants with the situation that this skips classes. Therefore, you are busy at work, must closely wear the earmuffs, guaranteed own anything cannot hear. When this/should finishing class time, I will remind you to pay attention.”
Professor Sprout relaxed saying, then arranges everyone to begin.
“Every four person one groups, a face plate, the manure in that side bag, oneself takes, the careful side that poisonous tentacle, it is cutting teeth.” She patted on a fierce scarlet red plant, it retracted the tentacle of making threatening gestures.
“This may not be really relaxed.” Harry whispered, he and Owen, He was sensitive, another Hatch Patch's boy divided one group.
“In I am Justin arrange in order, knows you very much happily, famous Harry Potter, forever top student, He sensitive Grainier, Owen Wesley, you may be the celebrity......” Justin friendly is greeting toward the Harry three people, shakes hand with them respectively.
Harry had seen him before, but has not spoken together, can visit him an is lively Hatch Patch. He keen very enjoys to his commendation, shows a sweet smile. Owen has not recovered from the howling letter/believes.
He is a lively person, even a little talks incessantly, he is saying all the way incessantly, “...... that named Lou ha special, is really a brave person, he writes in the book, he was stopped up by the werewolf in the telephone booth, but also calm finding out means that if I, were definitely scared to death early ....”
“My family member is not a sorcerer, they hope that I go to Eton College.” He explained that “an aristocratic school, but I came Hogwarts afterward, this was too wonderful. Although my mother is somewhat disappointed, Eton College is she has vainly hoped for, afterward I read some Lou ha special books to her, I think that she will understand in the family/home to have a well-trained sorcerer is how important ....”
He also knows Eton College sensitively, that is a very famous aristocratic school, she almost also went to there, Justin and her situation are somewhat similar.
However, has not waited for her to be interested, they put on the earmuffs, starts to toss about the mandrake. This is not very easy, was seemingly more difficult. Professor Sprout stature, although is small, the strength may be big. He raises the motionless these small monsters sensitively completely, the mandrake like taking root in earth, they go all out is pushing toward earth, does not want to be pulled out.
Khalid the big vigor drew out a fat baby, must use the big effort, returns to its entire stopper earth. Struggling that they go all out, shouted loudly, clenched jaws, waving tread foot. Even if cannot hear their weeping and wailing completely, everyone felt oneself are handling a specially dreadful matter.
He keen light helps in side, feels specially uncomfortable, the work of sorcerer is not the happy matter.
After herbal medicine class, everyone was exhausted. Harry is the perspiration water, is much more tired, the body also is completely the soil. Returns to the castle to take a shower in a hurry, quickly goes to the distortion class, very obvious this affected his condition.
In the distortion class, Harry only thought that in brain murky, is the bellow.
Usually in the familiar movement and incantation, are not in the condition now completely. The professor requests everyone to turn into the button the beetle, but Harry wields the magic wand no matter how, the beetle is scurries about, was not directed. Owen does not have on good many, he as if also in the sequel of howling letter/believes, attending class time is always distracted, but will send one to stay, the bell resounded.
Only then He maintained the consistent high level sensitively as always, but this has not let Harry and Owen happy many.
“This year's curriculum arrangement is really unreasonable, after the herbal medicine class physical strength lives, on this/should first arranges the rest, rather than then continues on the difficulty very high distortion class, at this time who also had the strength and brain.” Grumbling that a Harry face frustrates, begins school first day, this is really not the good sign.
He sensitive blinking of quietly, discussed at heart silently, “my physical strength and brain as well.” However, she knows now does not say these times, moreover herbal medicine class Harry is the main force of work.
Owen outside soul roaming, was still eating the thing earnestly silently.
“Although you said that is also reasonable, the herbal medicine class should not arrange early morning, is connected including the above other curricula.” George takes Harry's class schedule, first approved of one, then said that “, but begins school now first day, you cannot shoulder, this is not the good deed. You are anxious time, can first relax, is using to contemplate to adjust.”
“Owen.” George shifts to Owen, Harry immediately under the table, kicked under Owen with the foot, making him hurry to recover.
“I do not want to raise the howling letter/believes the matter.” George looks that Owen recovers under Harry's reminder, knows that must make them rotate the condition earlier.
“But you have raised.” A Owen unstated criticism, a face hidden bitterness looks at George,
“Matter had passed, does not become worse, making the new semester take the stock rail is the present is most important.” George does not hope Harry and Owen, because begins school is not smooth, has fallen in the unlucky mire.
“What class is afternoon?” Ha use patted the face, attempt by oneself soberly, he also knows that cannot continue by such condition.
“Black magic defense technique class.” Some He sensitive anticipations are saying.
“Oh!” Harry just got up a points fighting spirit, becomes dejected, he may not like that unusual empty boasting, regards similar Lou ha him special.
“Why to heave a sigh, the Lou ha special education gave very fiercely.” He thought sensitively Harry is gives the prejudice to the Lou ha special education, she has read the book that the Lou ha special education had given, inside content is well-founded, is true.
“He also deceives your female students.” Owen muttered, Madame Wesley also liked Lou ha special, but in addition. Wesley no one likes Lou ha again special, said accurately is others dislikes Lou ha special. Does not like him In Ni, In Ni only likes Harry.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 92 is not swindler “what deceives our female students, have you read the Lou ha special book?” He keens results in the prejudice to be extremely discontented to Owen, she is not the young female student who be easily swindled, she has read many books, which are swindler which are real, her eyes can discover.

Harry and Owen looked at each other one, keeps silent speechless. Although according to the request must buy the Lou ha special book, but they have not read the Lou ha special book, but they can see Lou ha especially is a frivolous swindler.
“Dumbfounded, you have not read the Lou ha special book. I may look, your is the prejudice, snort/hum.” He believes sensitively own judgment, thought that Harry and Owen's prejudice is to the Lou ha special envy, he indeed asks for the girl to like very much, will be being been disliking by many male students.
“George you also thought that Lou ha especially is a swindler.” Harry somewhat pitiful is looking at George, in the eye full is the anticipation, he has had several social dealings with Lou ha especially in private, he affirmed very much Lou ha especially is the pest of empty boasting.
“Right, George you said, you have definitely read the Lou ha special book, you not will be jealous the Lou ha special education to give like Harry and Owen.” Sensitively a also faces anticipates comes Jeangeorges to make the judgment, she is very confident to George.
She knows that George will not envy Lou ha special, he made in Hague Wards history the best result, she also believes that George will become in Hogwarts history the best sorcerer.
“We have not been jealous.” Owen also waits for George to judge carefully, although Owen continuously very repugnant Lou ha special, but could not find the Lou ha special flaw, he hopes that can discover the Lou ha special handle from George here.
“Lou ha especially is not a swindler, a lie serial swindler, deceiving He was sensitive, could not deceive Madame Wesley.” Ciao Zhijiali is running the bookstore, how can not understand to the magic illustrious Lou ha especially.
“Is this, my where has is so easily swindled, Madame Wesley is not easily swindled.” He sensitively because has read the Lou ha special book, believes that Lou ha especially is a fierce person. She does not only meet the hearsay, only deceived young female student, she, but intelligent He sensitive Grainier.
“What George said is Lou ha especially is not the swindler.” Harry responded quickly, held the subtext in George words.
“Right, is not the swindler on or the swindler.” Owen especially is not being the swindler is sad for Lou ha, suddenly hears Harry's words, immediately also responded.
“The Lou ha special book I have looked.” George first said himself to read the Lou ha special book, to strengthen the view credibility. “If you have also carefully read the Lou ha special book, knows. Lou ha special writing well, many details have the fact.”
“Is because the Lou ha special book writes is fair, the detail in book is not the real experience cannot write, this showed that Lou ha especially is not a swindler.” He keen Zhengshi has read the Lou ha special book, has analyzed the detail in book, believes that Lou ha unique these have experienced.
“Other details?” Harry thought that George stands him, will otherwise not say that Lou ha especially is not a swindler, then in the storytelling somewhat really came from.
“He has read many books sensitively, her knowledge and reading are more than you, properly speaking her judgment should be more reliable than you.” George in the persuasive words, he does not want directly to attack He to be sensitive.
“But.” Harry happy met after George's words, but, his more definite George stands in his one group, he did not mind that George said He keen studies many compared with him, this is natural.
“More, knows, in Lou ha special book, many details are not real.” George continues to analyze to the Lou ha special book.
“He possibly to let the book is more attractive, has reading.” He sensitive some arguments of struggling, she believes words that George spoke, George said that the Lou ha special book has many details is not real, that is really not real. But she tries to find the excuse for Lou ha especially,
Perhaps this is to increase the interest of book. “George said that many details in Lou ha special book are not real, this is lying on behalf of Lou ha especially, the real part is very possible is listens, it seems like, like you and George.” Owen hears George to confirm in the Lou ha special book the experience is not real, immediately cheers up.
He then can convince mother, making her believe that Lou ha especially was a swindler, now mother very respectable George, she believes George's judgment.
“Yes, if you know in his book, the true characteristics of plant and monster. You know, his part of measures truly is right, but another part, if he really illuminates in the book writes, he had died many times.” George has read the Lou ha special book, is very interesting, part like real experience.
But also has more details, if according to the Lou ha special view, he had died too multiple. These absolutely are not a person who has the real experience will write, he believes that Lou ha listens especially from other places, in addition the good processing writing, wrote these experiences. Error in judgment this does not blame you, these much knowledge are in the textbook had not mentioned that otherwise Madame Wesley will not be swindled similarly. The pure false experience could not deceive people, but the half real, half fake experience, enough experience is not very difficult to distinguish, Harry they guessed right, because disliked Lou ha purely special. “ George comforts He to be sensitive, error in judgment this is not He's sensitive issue.
“I indeed dislike Lou ha purely special.” After George determined that Lou ha is the swindler, Harry only thought especially had the pillar, having the union was the same, did not mind that said directly dislikes Lou ha special.
“I am as well.” Owen looks that Harry also shows the similar smile.
“But...” He somewhat loses presence of mind sensitively hurriedly, she has believed even professors of some worships, can be a swindler unexpectedly, this makes her very difficult to accept. Meanwhile, she trusts George, she believes George said definitely has the ample reason. But makes her be hard to accept own judgment to be wrong for a while, she has no way to transform quickly.
“Also leaves is overthrowing own conclusion anxiously, in the afternoon at your meeting his curriculum, you can observe him in attending class. The information on book, some have no way to distinguish, but the contact in reality, has no way to hide.” George sees the sensitive awkwardness, does not continue to convince He to be sensitive, but makes her judge.
“Good, I attend class will be staring at him well.” He also thought sensitively this is a good way, she trusts George, trusts own judgment, but she trusts oneself eye.
“I have seen him in private, a megalomania of empty boasting.” Harry has had several social dealings with Lou ha especially, these contacts, let on his repugnant Lou ha special.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Did Chapter 93 approach truth “that this year our 's black magic defense technique class to malinger?” Owen is somewhat helpless, last year Professor Cello attended class simply is the joke. Finally, was also discovered is the subordinate of Lord Voldemort, but also was taken possession by Lord Voldemort. This year the new black magic defense technique class professor is a swindler, wants to go to school a thing is not really easy in this class.

“Black magic defense technique class could not find the teacher now, will fall on Lou ha special. This position was being paid attention to by Lord Voldemort with emphasis, others are afraid by Lord Voldemort are regarded the goal.” George knows account, knows the awkwardness of school.
“I will continue to help you make up for a missed lesson, last year also said that you will undergo the training with March quickly.”
“Professors are afraid Lord Voldemort, might as well makes your George is the black magic defense technique class professor.” Harry thinks of Lou ha special, he rather faces Cello, Cello will not at least be staring at him.
“My words, the sophomore is the black magic defense technique class professor, this was too high-profile, without advantage.” George has thought the help/gang schoolmates enroll in supplementary lessons the black magic defense technique class in secret, but he is in the strength at this time the high-speed rise period, is not suitable diverts attention. This is extremely also high-profile, is not meets the tough head-on with toughness with Lord Voldemort directly.
“Can George really let March and we train together?” Owen thinks that must train with March, somewhat takes to heart.
“You have one year to accumulate ahead of time, if will also lose to March, I will feel very sorry. At least loses to March not dead, compared with losing to Lord Voldemort, the food dead disciple is much better.”
No matter how said that March provides «Contemplates the news that secret Standard» and Lucius processes harbors, brought the great benefit to George, even the inequitable exchange, George still needs to complete to help March promote the commitment of strength.
In the afternoon Lou ha black magic defense technique class, Harry, Owen, He sensitively somewhat is especially anxious.
Harry is somewhat anxious, he discovered that Lou ha as if regarded him especially similar, no matter he does not prefer. Lou ha will ask him to speak especially alone, will pull away from the crowd him. Lou ha always thinks especially Harry is also like him, frequently is thinking becoming famous, but also shared him before Harry something, but Harry knows oneself are not his similar.
Owen is somewhat anxious, he saw March on the road, March is not direct to ask him to trouble, but hostility and provocation in look have not hidden.
Immediately wanted the actual combat to face, Owen knows that oneself strength was not as good sensitively compared with Harry and He, this made him be somewhat worried, he does not want to lose to March. He does not fear to hurt, did not fear that is intimate several spells, but thinks March that ugly countenance, what kind of shame he cannot imagine itself to lose by.
He sensitively somewhat anxious, she completes the plan, must look keenly at Lou ha in the classroom importantly special, must ravel Lou ha especially is a swindler.
He sees Lou ha to enter the classroom sensitively especially, greeting everyone is peaceful, then he takes up from Seville Long bottom there «with Great Strange Peer» lifts in the hand, to everyone demonstrated picture that in the title page he is blinking.
“I.” Lou ha referred in particular to referred to itself, is blinking like the picture, “Gilder Lockhart, Sir Merging the group medal winner, the anti-hacker magic alliance member, obtained “ Sorcerer Weekly » most charming smile five times- I often did not disclose these, after all I did not conquer the demons in Bandung by the smile!”
If He also like most starts sensitively, but also believes firmly that Lou ha especially is a fierce professor, she will commend his humor.
But now, closely is staring at Lou ha special He keen, at this time, started to analyze his title the gold content, “Sir Merging group medal, this was a good award item, but the third-class medal could not be regarded rarely. Dumbledore wins the Merging first-grade medal, Shape has also won the Merging second-rate medal.”
“ Anti-hacker magic alliance honorary member can be regarded honor, as for five most charming smiles, he very smiles is truly standard, like movie star,
Reveals eight teeth. “ Finally in a long string title that the sensitive disappointed discovery, Lou ha said that only credible, only then Sir Merging group third-class medal, but is more inferior compared with Shape's second-rate medal and Dumbledore's first-grade medal.
Afterward Lou ha distributed the examination paper especially, gave everyone 30 minutes, must make a small test. He received the examination paper sensitively, looks down the issue on examination paper.
“1, Gilder Lockhart proudest matter? 2 ND, food that Gilder Lockhart most likes? 3 rd, Gilder Lockhart greatest achievement? 4 Th, work that Gilder Lockhart most likes?” Amounts to 54 problems, arranged the entire three pages.
He keen is supporting the chin with the hand, the answer she all knows. Gilder Lockhart was one likes saying person who everywhere oneself liked, he repeatedly is saying oneself fondness and custom in the book, even somewhat talked endlessly.
Views these issues, He also thought sensitively Lou ha looked like the swindler especially more and more. But she is earnest is answering, so long as attains the examination paper, wants to obtain all scores, this is her custom.
“Pitifully- you have not remembered me most like the tobacco color, you should remember now.”
“I in «with Tibet Snowman Peer» book had mentioned also had the schoolmate to make a mistake in writing I most ideal birthday present, they should carefully look that my «with the Werewolf Altogether Dance» book in I have mentioned explicitly, I most ideal birthday present was, the people of these magic peace conference magic cannot the peaceful coexistence, naturally I not mind that received big bottle of aging whiskeys.”
“The person of magic peace conference magic will not live together in peace and harmony, this idea is actually good.” He keen Wang Lou ha special, she idea that likes this everyone living together in peace and harmony, without that aging whiskey of supplement were finally better.
He keen had decided, lists as own dream this target, lets the person who meets the magic and people of magic cannot live together in peace and harmony.
Lou ha toward everyone mischievous blinking, Owen has not responded him especially, he also filled in the answer paper conveniently, but to get on well with others, but he may not have to plan that read these novels, especially even George determined after Lou ha especially was a swindler.
Lou ha mentioned He is sensitive, he turned He's sensitive examination paper, “He sensitive Grainier actually knows that my secret desire was to eliminate evil in the world, sold my series shampoo, this problem may not have others to respond. The really good miss, the result is...”
Lou ha turned the ending the sensitive examination paper especially, “inconceivable, one percentage, where did Miss He sensitive Grainier sit?”
Lou ha unique some cannot believe that although he has many adorers. But even these adorers do not have that good memory, remembers his complete fondness. But in this class the little miss, remembered his complete fondness unexpectedly, he knows that oneself were also many a loyal and intelligent adorer, this makes him very happy.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 94 preliminary test skill He somewhat shamefacedly raised the hand sensitively, attains the examination paper she unable to bear want to obtain the score, but her memory is also too good. Therefore, Lou ha special likes her to know completely, but now Lou ha looks like the swindler especially more and more, she thought that oneself behavior loses face.

“Is good, very good, the standard sweet orchid smell obtains 10 points much.” Lou ha shows the smile especially, revealed that white tooth, He sensitive ashamed in his opinion is only shy, he liked this lovable little miss.
Hears and obtains the ten points, He's sensitive eyes one bright, today she day of acquired awarded marks catch up usual one week. Mood also good, no matter Lou ha especially is a swindler, awards marks in any case is absolutely true.
Lou ha bends the waist from the teacher's desk especially puts out a big basket that is covering the cotton thread, put on the table.
“Now, must be careful, I will teach you to resist magic until now, evilly, most terrible thing. You will contact here, most fearful, most terrifying thing. However, also please feel relieved, so long as I here, I can protect you to be impassible, you only need keep calm.”
The Lou ha especially low and deep intonation, making everyone anxious, everyone stood on tiptoes the tip of the toe, searched the body to see clearly the basket. He also turned very quiet sensitively, is guessing the thing in basket.
“I hope that do not scream.” Lou ha is bending the body especially, by the basket, is using the serious tone, “squeal will enrage them.”
The complete schoolmate turns very quiet, looks at steadily, Lou ha lifted the cotton thread especially.
“Very good.” “Cornwall small seductress/evil spirit that his expression exaggerating shouting, just stressed.”
Exuded one to laugh, others also want to smile, but only he cannot bear. In fact He looked at the Lou ha special vision like looking at the swindler sensitively.
“What's wrong?” Lou ha secular looks with a smile.
“In fact, they and... are not dangerous.” Cannot bear from the beginning, now has smiled cannot gasp for breath.
“Do not despise them.” Lou ha unique some annoyed waves the hand to refer to toward him, “they are sly the small destruction like devil to be crazy.”
These small seductress/evil spirit skin color are the iron azure, the height approximately eight inches, the snake equally high-pitched and fine face, the cry are sharp gratingly. Like one flock of budgerigar tear and bite. The cotton thread lifts, is seeing light/only, they chirp, flee, grasps goes all out to sway in the basket, to escape.
“Now.” Lou ha calls loudly especially, “you must learn to cope with them.” He opened basket that is closing the small seductress/evil spirit.
As soon as he turns on the basket, in the classroom all messed up. The small seductress/evil spirit flushed, flies everywhere randomly. They like giant flea, astonishing bounces the room to scurry about. The ceiling, the hanging lamp, the wall, they go easily and freely.
Everywhere is their trails, they do not satisfy closely vent the surplus strength. And two aggressive small seductresses/evil spirits are clutching Nervy's ear, carried him.
Harry keen and nimble grasped one Lou ha special «with Small Spirit Peer» racket ruthlessly flew they, saved Nervy. But many small seductresses/evil spirits flushed, several even ran out of the window, cracks-up the glass window, leaves behind pile of glass fragments.
Many small seductresses/evil spirits continue to stay in the classroom to do the destruction, Harry thought that they like the destructive power astonishing random walk ball, go through in the classroom at an exceptional pace, hit. They grab the ink bottle to sprinkle everywhere randomly, rips randomly the book and paper flies everywhere, the room is the snowflake fragment.
Posting pictures on neighbor, met with a disaster, the trash can was raised upside down. The trash throws the room is, luckily this is only the black magic defense technique class, is not the demon medicine class, and no dangerous trash.
The book bag and textbook were also thrown out of the window, turns on the basket from Lou ha especially, arrives at the classroom to be made earth-shakingly by the small seductress/evil spirit, half of schoolmates hide under the table tremble, over the past one minute.
“ Comes to curry favor them together, comes to hold them together,
They are just one crowd of small seductresses/evil spirits. “ Shouting that Lou ha shouts oneself hoarse especially, he cannot control the aspect, this is not the picture that he imagines. What he conceives, the ground of small seductress/evil spirit in room jogs, he directs the students to hold them. Leaves behind a happiness to the student, relaxed classroom, but these were destroyed by these small seductresses/evil spirits.
He curls up the sleeve, in brandishes begins the spell, exclaimed loudly, “Pies Peter Nome!” But is very obvious, he recited mistakenly the incantation, his incantation did not have the effect. A small seductress/evil spirit to/clashes, robbed his magic wand, threw out of the window it.
Lou ha frightens especially panic-stricken, drilled under the teacher's desk, on the ceiling a flower hanging lamp was swung by the small seductress/evil spirit, pounded on the teacher's desk, he frightened to shrink one group under the teacher's desk.
The bell sound, everyone escaped flushed, Lou ha also crawled especially quietly, looks Harry who has not gone out of the gate, Owen, was sensitive with He. He steps out, first step ran before them, said, “I must prepare a lesson, please stress in these remaining small seductresses/evil spirits the basket.” As soon as he goes out, immediately numerous closing.
“You also think that he isn't a swindler?” Owen shouts Lou ha to do the mess angrily especially, makes them tidy up. He puts out the magic wand, projects spells, the small seductress/evil spirit is knocked down.
“Let alone, I acknowledged that I did misread was not good?” He sensitively then in have no reason and gives a pretext, convincing oneself believes that Lou ha especially is really a fierce sorcerer. She brandishes the magic wand to fling to freeze the spell, lives in the small seductress/evil spirit frozen, then picks the stopper to return to the basket.
“How he just even was frightened does not know the spell reads, but also was robbed the magic wand by a small seductress/evil spirit.”
Harry feels somewhat inconceivable, he also knows at most Lou ha especially is a swindler, but has not thought certainly he was inferior to the students of second grade unexpectedly, simply is the shame of sorcerer. Harry is displaying the fetter incantations, will throw the basket in the deathly stiff small seductress/evil spirit.
“I make a bet these experiences in his book am the hearsay come, his strength really meets the danger, very early in the morning died.” Owen discovered at this time, oneself has become such strong. Other schoolmates ran away in fear, even the teachers ran away, only then their three people are coping with the small seductress/evil spirit with ease.
“Also may look like, I was also just frightened, has not thought that the small seductress/evil spirit actually also copes good.” The Harry's last small seductress/evil spirit in the classroom throws into the basket, closes the basket, this detected that they processed with ease the destruction that disrupts the entire classroom is crazy.
“We first should add on the armor guard to ourselves, then should use the spell of range effect, after suppressing wants the small seductress/evil spirit the speed, quick can solve them.” He also starts to learn the experience and lesson of actual fight sensitively.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 95 Harry's fan “the space of classroom will affect the release of spell, otherwise, the tornado can be very good choice together, solves all small seductresses/evil spirits one time.” Harry recalled George to occupy humbly copes with the means of goblin, all transferred the corona the goblin with the tornado spell together.

“The spell of wind system is truly good, the small seductress/evil spirit body weight is light, the received influence is biggest. Even cannot use the tornado, solely is disrupts the air current to make them lose the speed. The sound sequence spell the effect will also be good at this time, an amplifying incantation, the shake wave can make them faint.”
He also found out some good ways sensitively, although this time has no way with, but encounters similar situation, immediately can recall the best way.
“This is really good, ahead of time thinks preparation that deals with. Perhaps how we should think to deal with March ahead of time, I do not want to lose to him.” Owen thinks his advantage, they are three people, ahead of time can prepare for plans.
Harry and He sensitively is also at present one bright, who can want to lose to March, ahead of time equals, makes some preparations, can always raise some winning percentage.
The black magic defense technique class experience, let Harry and Owen also restored, they suddenly discovered oneself were also strong, could be the top student. Under such good state of mind, they deal with the schoolwork, finally started handily.
The schoolwork starts becomes smooth, still made Harry also feel what is uncomfortable, Gilder Lockhart has not come under the attack in black magic defense technique class completely.
He thinks wholeheartedly Harry and he is the same kind of person, will see Harry to draw Harry to chat on the corridor each time the heart-to-heart talk. It seems like in the school the day of insufficient adorer, making him also somewhat lonely.
Harry has to see Lou ha each time from afar special, hurries to change a road to hide. But except for Lou ha special, he also needs to hide from another person.
Colin and Dennis Freeway is Griffin who this year enters a school newborn, he is a timid thin and small male student, just entered a school when like Harry the appearance.
He is seeing Harry for the first time, is striving for signature photo that wants Harry. Family that he came from an average person, the reason that because the charm fluctuates, does not get on well with others since childhood.
Now went to the magic school, like entering a mysterious world, he is curious about all things. Is seeing all things, he with hanging the camera on neck pats, added that these must mail to his father.
But Harry the big celebrity in this mysterious world, Creepy from small town, has seen the greatest character. Moreover, as the schoolmate, Harry has no way to display not friendly. This let just leave the hometown, Creepy who did not get on well with others shy one found the spiritual sustenance.
He has become the Harry most frantic adorer, he as if mounted Harry's curriculum, every day on road “meeting by chance” 78 times with Harry, but he meets face to face, saying, “hello/you good, Harry.” Hears one, “hello/you good, Colin.” Makes him redden all over the face, is excited quickly has not gasped for breath.
He is playing such game ecstatically, no matter actually Harry is seeing his helplessness and discouraged each time.
Harry has no way to scold to be small one -year-old adorer, but he also worried that is known very much by others, in the student has his frantic adorer.
Especially Lou ha special, will use the strange tone, draws him to the one side taught well, then believes that he and Harry are the same people.
Unknowingly had arrived at Saturday, Harry previously reached an agreement, in the morning and Owen, He sees sensitively together. But very early in the morning, he wonderful team leader Wood was awakened by Georgian sweet orchid smell GUI.
“What matter?” Harry face uncomfortable asking, disturbing the person to sleep, but guilty of the most heinous crime,
“Today is the GUI wonderful training!” Wood is urging Harry hurriedly, “a bit faster, gets up a bit faster.”
“Did talent just shine?” Harry the head is looking to out of the window, the pale golden sky is also covering a tissue,
Cannot bear complain, “early morning who to the door that you open.” “Do not rest, I have the new plan.” Wood the sixth grade, very likely will not be continue stay in the team this year next year, he exerts its utmost to this year's champion, in his eye is flashing the frantic flame, “summer vacation time, I made the big effort to make one set of new plan, this year we can certainly defend.”
Wood a quilt that lifted Harry, “other team has not started to train, we make the best use of the time.”
Harry is resigned-looking, is having the yawn, slowly crawled from the bed, he has not sobered, slow movement is seeking for own uniform.
Wood could not have waited for the field, his chest soul of GUI strange is burning violently, “I first went to the field, after the quarter of an hour, gathered.”
Harry slow-going finally found own uniform, put on a cape of cold-resistance. Leaves behind a note to Owen, hurriedly walks following the revolving staircase outward, on the shoulder carries that to render meritorious service multiple coronas in the field 2000.
He arrives at portrait back cave entrance, hears behind sound of footsteps hurriedly, was Colin and Dennis Freeway also ran. On his neck, hangs is not leaving the body momentarily in the machine operator to grip anything.
“Harry, I hear some people to call your name in the building. Looked that I gave you to bring anything to come, the previous time picture washed.” In Colin brandishes begins the picture, excited saying.
Harry looks at present this person dull, such early morning will be seized by him, he has any special hobby maybe. Harry in same place, hit one to tremble.
“You look.” Colin offers valuable advice refers to the picture to Harry.
Harry wooden looks following his finger. In the picture a black and white Lou ha special villain is making an effort to entries an arm, beside the arm is being hidden in the picture frame.
On some Harry happy pictures are also revolting furiously, had not been towed especially by Lou ha. “Perhaps others cannot watch in the picture are I.” Harry watches in the picture big mouth gasping for breath Lou ha special, oneself have disappeared in the picture.
“Troubles you to sign to me.” Colin requests sincerely.
“It is not good.” Harry rejected immediately, he had felt enough loses face, is signing the name, he will be regarded Lou ha especially same narcissism craziness by others.
“Sorry, Colin, I have the urgent matter, I must hurry to GUI wonderful field training immediately.” Harry does not want to continue with this frantic boy speech, he only wants to get rid of this adorer a bit faster, his without hesitation crawled from portrait cave entrance.
“Wait I, I have not seen the GUI wonderful competition.” The troublesome boy was also hurried with.
“, Do not be bored.” Harry quickly persuaded, he does not want even to train time was also staring by this frantic adorer, the teammates will laugh at him.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 96 Wood's wish “you are for a century the youngest school teammate, I know that I know.” Colin has not cared about Harry to say anything, he is only thinking brain Harry's matter, is excited in the eye to shine.

“You definitely are the best player, I have not flown, does not know that can be very difficult. This is your flying broom, it is really attractive.” Colin follows Harry slightly to run, the mouth keeps saying, some discovery new situations of often making much ado about nothing.
Harry is helpless, actually cannot think that the means get rid of him, only felt that side like just like a many words shadow, was verbose, talks endlessly.
“I have not seen the GUI wonderful competition, but heard to cross, four balls, two special balls flew round, can hit from the broom?” Colin mouth does not stop to rest all the way, even if Harry pays no attention to him, he still a person said jubilantly, “I really hope signature photo obtained you to compete.”
“The GUI wonderful competition has two to walk randomly the ball.” Harry helpless is spitting the thick air/I, starts to give Colin to explain that detailed rules of GUI wonderful competition, to avoid him pulling back on the words the signature photo, “each team has two special team members walking randomly the ball strikes from own teammate. They are the protector of teammate, Fred are standard sweet orchid smell many players.”
“Oh, that is really good, is other ball does do?” Colin listens to Harry to speak, immediately forgets the matter of signature photo, closely examines the GUI wonderful rule.
“Red big balls, that is the ghost flying ball, is used for the goal score. Three pursue in team are responsible for spreading around the ball, avoids the defense of opposite team, then lets the ball across the field above goal, is the rings on that three long pillar.”
“A ball?” Colin continues to ask.
“Final called the golden cat burglar.” Harry voice roused a point slightly, this is he contacts most balls, is he in the duty of team, “it is the smallest ball, the pigeon egg size, its speed is fast, is very difficult to hold. But the center of competition holds it, after looking the player holds it, the competition can end. Once holds the golden cat burglar, the team will obtain 150.”
“I know that you are the standard sweet orchid smell many looking players, you led the team to win.” Colin listens to the roommate to mention these, he admires looks at Harry, for a century, only then Harry enters the GUI wonderful competition in the first grade, he also led the team to win.
“Victory is everyone's merit.” Harry replied seriously, the team is the movement of collective, perhaps looks for the player truly is most important, but everyone is essential, “also goalkeeper who is responsible for defending the goal, these.”
They across the castle, across the lawn, early morning dew stained their pants and shoes.
Along lawn to field asking around that all the way, Colin has kept, he has not continued to make Harry sign to him luckily, has waited till the changing room, Harry threw off him finally, his being able to go in changing room, “thanks heaven and earth.”
“I go to the stand to look for a seat, Harry.” Colin kept off outside the changing room, squawk shouts to Harry, then ran in a hurry to the stand.
Other Georgian sweet orchid smell many teammates also waited in the changing room, was murky, only then Wood awoke completely. Fred sits down exhausted on the horizontal chair, the eye swollen, the hair at sixes and sevens. In nearby fourth-grade female student Ellie Spring is depending especially on the wall, fight that her two eyelids are keeping.
Another two pursue the player, Angelina Johnson and Key Bell is depending in the same place, is having the yawn again and again.
In the Ha calling had been awakened by noise by Colin, but sees the appearance of teammate, starts somewhat to get sleepy, “does Wood this fellow, how crash in the female student dormitory to cry out their?”
Wood has certainly no way to crash in the female student dormitory, even if he has this idea, still without this ability. When he is at downstairs the lounge to call the name of teammate loudly,
He has drawn many complaints for the team. But he does not care at all, this time Wood had been lit by the soul of oneself GUI strange completely, he to can make the teammate unable to endure energetically. He is lifting a large-scale drawing board, above is drawing the GUI wonderful field, is drawing various color lines, the arrow and marking.
He puts out the magic wand, a point on the drawing board, these arrows like the ant, goes into action gently on the chart, is demonstrating his tactic. Wood excited is explaining oneself new tactic, said that the key also dances with joy.
Fred has started to have the snoring to come, Harry remaining points sober did not have.
The first drawing board said for more than 20 minutes, but Wood puts out second, third. Harry absolutely does not have the consciousness, he only knows oneself only needed to hold the golden cat burglar to be good, speaking so many were useless.
Wood does not have to say gently says, everyone who the sound of intonation non-stop fell asleep.
“ This. Wood recovers finally, he said.
Everyone also said with this, suddenly sobered.
Really inconceivable, hears “this”, Harry suddenly becomes full of energy, cannot think completely the eyelid is just now heavy looks like a mountain.
“Was everyone clear? What issue has?” Wood continues to ask, he said that had not noticed to have the person to listen, now recovers the discovery, as if no one is listening.
“I have an issue, Wood.” Fred also sobered completely, Wood's words like having charm, he begins lecturing, Fred felt oneself were read the hypnosis incantation. If by any chance he said that Fred felt full of energy, “you why not, when we sobered yesterday, said these to us?”
Wood complexion is somewhat serious, “waiters, we obtain the GUI wonderful trophy seven years later for the first time. This year we had a bigger advantage, we can defend, but other teams will not easily admit defeat.”
Wood is the sixth grade, next year is the last year, looks for the pressure of work faced with the graduation. Unsurprisingly, next year he will withdraw from the team, since last year had been he enters the team only one year to win. But this year also possibly is he in the last year of team, he longs for winning compared with anybody, longed for bringing successfully to finish itself in the memory of school team.
Harry could not feel that completely these, his first grade entered the GUI wonderful team, not only made the smallest player history, meanwhile led the team to win the championship. He has the enough much time, enough many opportunities obtain more honors, the GUI wonderful competition to him, like does not want to Wood.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


March who Chapter 97 is haunted by the ghost “this year we must redouble one's efforts, we will win the championship.” Wood pinches tightly the fist, shouts loudly, “the present will make us go to the new training program to put to the reality.” Then grasps the broom, took the lead to go out of the changing room.

Very good air-blowing, but everyone is listless. Although is the GUI wonderful team member, but in their life may not only the GUI wonderful competition, the daily curriculum of school is also very arduous.
They spent the too much time in the changing room, when everyone arrives at the training ground, Sun has raised old tall. Visible Colin who Harry some cannot believe also on stand, “Wood said was so long, Colin has not walked unexpectedly.”
This lets the person not too happy matter, there is a happy matter, Harry saw Owen and He is sensitive, they have not thrown down him, but comes to see his training together.
“Haven't you trained?” Asking that Owen some cannot believe that he rests the blurry time in the morning, knows indistinctly Wood was very early to call Harry. When he rested full getting out of bed, saw note that Harry kept.
He when the big dining hall eats meal also happen to meet He to be sensitive, two people finished eating the breakfast simply, but also brought some bread and jam treats as between -meal snack, looks for Harry together.
“Wood spoke big pile of new tactics, has not started to train by the present.” A Harry face envies looks that Owen and He is sensitive, they are sitting on the stand, relaxed is eating between -meal snack, but he includes the breakfast not to eat.
Although somewhat complained at heart, but he rode oneself light wheel 2000, the both legs in a ground tread, flew. The cool fresh air heads on, he one feels full of energy, “manages his anything tactic, not in the air lively dances in the air happily, exciting.”
The new school year returned the GUI wonderful field, Harry found the like a fish in water feeling, he in upper air, fast flew round around the stadium, surpasses teammates.
“Really comfortable.” Harry slows the tempo, both hands open, felt oneself flew, although he had flown.
“Where comes sound?” From behind with Fred asked.
Harry subconscious looks toward the stand. Colin crawled the highest row of seat, is lifting up high the camera high, unceasing is pressing the shutter. Photographs one after another, the spacious peaceful stadium, the sound of shutter seems very towering.
“Looks here, Harry.” A Colin hand lifts the camera, another hand is brandishing hint.
Harry suffered a staggering blow like the chest, wants to hit the wall.
“Who is that person?” Fred has not seen that person, guessing correctly should be a new student|life.
“Does not know.” Harry does not dare to acknowledge at this time knows Colin, this really lost face, he has continued to stay without the face, the fierce acceleration, wants distant departure Colin.
“What's all this about?” Wood also accelerated, he is frowning, he just formulated well new to plan, just wants to treat as the secret training, is good to go all out, “why does that new student|life photograph? We train in the secret, he very possible is Skye Bring's spy, must pry our training programs.”
“He is standard sweet orchid smell many new students.” Harry quickly explained that although Colin is one lets the person very uncomfortable fellow, but after all is his adorer, is not completely an unprincipled person.
“Skye Bring's person does not need the spy, Wood.” Fred mumbled.
“How you know that they don't need?” Some Wood vitality/angry, he to oneself training program, has very great anticipation. This was he in the summer vacation spends for a long time, to come out, finally everyone did not care, now meets some people to photograph.
“Because Skye Bring came.” Fred referred to below with something else in mind.
The people of several wear green gowns entered the field, in the hand also take the flying broom.
“ I really cannot believe, I wrapped today's field, I must have a look at them to want but actually to do.
“ Wood is lowering the angry sound. He charged into the ground, the speed is too fast, falls to the ground some is not steady continually. Harry, Fred also fell his side, confronted with Skye Bring's player.
“Flint.” Wood exclaimed to Skye Bring's team leader loudly, “the present is our training times, you went out to me.”
Marks Flint as if there is great strange bloodline, his Wood also wants on the big tall and strong, aggressive face to show the sly facial expression, “field is very big, Wood.”
Angelina, Ellie and Key also caught up, standard sweet orchid smell many team members stand a row, looks angrily at the opposite party.
Skye Bring's team does not have the female student, their team members also stand side-by-side a row, on the face reveal the Skye Bring's unique arrogance, is squinting standard sweet orchid smell many players.
“I have wrapped the field.” Wood exclaimed loudly, “here I have wrapped.”
“!” Flint elongated the intonation, the tone is frivolous, “, but I have Professor Shape specially the strip of signature, Professor Shape permits our Skye Bring today to the field training, trains our new looking players.”
“Did you have the new looking player?” Wood's attention is held by these words immediately, this is a big news, “who is he?”
A stature young male student, flashed from six big tall and strong teammates behind, on his pale face brings the Skye Bring's unique arrogance, is Draco Malay.
“This is not Lucius March's son!” Saying of Fred face dislike, he still remembers his father and Lucius's fighting in beautiful mark bookstore.
“Since mentioned Mr. Lucius March.” Skye Bring's team member smiles lets success go to the head, “that makes you experience, Mr. Lucius gives the gift of Skye Bring Team generously.”
Before seven people own broom lifts the body, seven brand-new, the beautifully curved flying broom, is printing gold/metal character “light wheel 2001”, is reflecting the golden light under the sunlight.
“The latest model of last month just coming out.” A Flint face happily is saying, stroked on the broom with the hand gently, “it compares the old light wheel 2000 series to be much quicker, as for these old style sweeping away Big Dipper.” His face contemptuously looks at Fred, in his hand is taking an obsolete sweeping away Big Dipper, “sweeps the floor with them.”
Georgian sweet orchid smell many players were also shaken by the present seven coronas 2001, the broom that the school provides is very obsolete, the economic situation good point team member meets to bring the broom.
But these prices are not cheap, let alone GUI wonderful eventually is only a sports game, few parents' meeting is willing to buy the best broom, they want the child much spend some time in the study rather than in the training.
March smiles very happily, the indifferent eye narrowed a seam, he discussed silently, “this was only just started.” Looks that at present shocks the standard sweet orchid smell mufti- players, especially the baud, March had a proud acid to be happy finally.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 98 March's provocation last year March borrowed 1000 golds Along after the mutual aid association, with Skye Bring's other students had been exploiting one's connections, especially GUI wonderful team members. However, he is also hopeless can the joining team easily, but was different to the second grade.

During summer vacation, he harvests very in a big way. Contemplates the promotion of technique, the training of spell, lets him day after day, every day becomes more powerful, this seedling source makes him be enchanted by from the progress of strength.
But progress in strength, brought also has the promotion of right to speak, his father Lucius paid attention to his progress. According to March family's tradition, gave him naturally more rights to speak, more resources.
By this year, his strength had gone far beyond the ordinary sophomore, the ground that last year prepared has not wasted, he and Skye Bring's team members fitted in easily, becomes the team new looking player.
In order to more affirmative victorious Harry and standard sweet orchid smell are many, he was also exchanged the latest flying broom by oneself father to the team, then ensure was absolutely safe.
“, Also some people came.” Flint looked to the direction that came the person, he did not mind that some people surrounded, this year the team exchanges the newest light wheel 2001, their advantages were too big. Moreover, March is also a very outstanding looking player, has the advantage of broom not to lose to Harry Potter.
Owen and He keen in the stand noticed that everyone fell, encircles here, therefore caught up, had a look what happened.
“Had an accident?” Owen looks to Harry, “don't you train? Do they do here?” He is somewhat puzzled, why Skye Bring's player also here, are they two teams of competitions train today?
March is saying arrogantly, “I am the looking player of Skye Bring Team, standard sweet orchid smell much everyone am I appreciating the broom that our team buys newly now.”
Owen stared in a big way the eye to stare at front seven latest coronas 20001, this is the present best broom, a time seven were not cheap.
“Very good.” March pretends that sincere giving suggested that “does not know, where the standard sweet orchid smell many does make some money to come to buy how many new flying brooms? Perhaps you can with the exchange sell to the way, sells out that several to sweep away the Big Dipper, I think that the museum meeting is willing to collect them.”
“Hahn!” Skye Bring's players dissolute is laughing.
“At least, in standard sweet orchid smell many teams, no needs to spend to enter the team member of team.” Saying that He indignant disturbed sensitively, “they come in oneself ability.”
March reveals disdaining of face arrogantly, “I heard the wail of poor devil, you admit defeat, I allow you to hold my broom sob heartily.”
“Hahahaha.” Skye Bring's player smiled crazily.
March rode the broom, a both legs tread, flew the sky, in the sky relaxed soaring, revolving, the mouth is shouting loudly, “came, the baud, showed your courage to come.”
A Flint face sly is staring at Wood, “comes, today fights it out here.”
Harry rides the broom, will fly to catch up with March, was held by Wood, “we first leave here.”
Flint shouts loudly, “standard sweet orchid smell much everyone already admitting defeat of little darling?”
Skye Bring's player dissolute is laughing, “they feared.”
“...... The baud comes up!” March flies round in the sky at an exceptional pace.
“Calculates that your luck is good, we have not had breakfast.” Wood is shouting loudly, at the same time is dragging Harry, draws others to walk toward the changing room.
“Hahahaha, I have not had breakfast.” Skye Bring's player mystifying is studying the sound.
“You must eat the tray of restaurant, can make itself quick light wheel 2001.” Skye Bring is ridiculing loudly.
Harry got hold of the double fist, he wants the person who flies to defeat Skye Bring, but his hand firmly was grabbed by Wood, did not work loose.
Georgian sweet orchid smell many team members, in a Skye Bring's ridicule sound, dingy returned to the lounge.
“Why doesn't make me fly?” Harry somewhat complained, he believes oneself will not lose to March.
“Our strength Bees Caitlin is weak.” Wood is constraining the anger, who hopes that such matter, “before last year Harry joins, we continuously had lost for seven years.”
Fred has a mind to refute oneself not Bees Caitlin player to be weak, but looked at the sweeping away Big Dipper in hand, thinks the Skye Bring's seven coronas 2001, finally angry sitting on the horizontal chair of lounge.
“Now they change seven coronas 2001, the advantage was bigger.” Although Wood is a GUI wonderful madman, is always requesting own team member strictly, for the victory does not hesitate all. But he is not silly, does not only know fool who the brain batters, he knows the merit and shortcoming of each team.
“I will not lose to March.” Harry has enough confidence to oneself, even March's light wheel 2001 compared with his rapidness, but flies does not only look at the broom.
“ But the team is not only then your Wood is saying with clenched jaws, he pinched tightly the double fist, he cannot affirm oneself can defeat Skye Bring Flint. As the senior team member is the team leader, now instead becomes implication of team, he is uncomfortable very much.
“We were not big with Skye Bring's disparity before, but their new brooms, our disadvantage is very in addition obvious. Harry is the outstanding looking player, this is our advantages.” Ellie is pursing the lips, is analyzing the present situation. Player who she does not lose to Skye Bring, but does not get the advantage, Skye Bring's opponent traded the performance to be better many brooms, she did not have the confidence.
“Sweeps away Big Dipper 5 Th to have no way with the light wheel 2001 comparisons, I can only work as the supporting role in the competition.” A Fred face is saying discouraged, he does not fear Skye Bring, does not think player who oneself will lose to Skye Bring, but the broom disparity is obvious, this he obtains clearly.
“We must find the means of dealing with, we will not admit defeat like this.” Wood is not the person who can admit defeat, even if the team had lost last year continuously for seven years. He has not given up, he is always training, always in the improvement tactic, he makes the team progressive bit by bit. Last year time they waited till Harry, they won the championship seven years later, the present misery still cannot beat them.
“Right, we will win, last year we also won.” Angelina's imposing manner is not very full, she is thinking, “at least we won last year.”
The Georgian sweet orchid smell are many before Harry joins, has lost too multiple. At this time faced with powerful enemy, replaced the powerful weapon, must say that was not worried, that definitely deceived people.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 99 excited March “OK, you first had breakfast, I will find out the means of dealing with as soon as possible.” Wood does not have the good way at once, now the field was occupied by Skye Bring, did not have the means to train, has first to call everyone first to go back to eat meal, “, if you had any good idea, remembered saying that we need to work as one.”

“Worked as one, got through the difficult time.” Fred yelled, discouraged will sweep away the Big Dipper to return in the cabinet, left the lounge.
Georgian sweet orchid smell many team members successively left the lounge, is only left over Wood to frown on the drawing board ponders diligently, “ I will certainly think of the means.
“... .... .... ....”, The team members of Skye Bring Team, dissolute soaring in the GUI wonderful arena. Welcomed the storm to go through, the high-speed air current hit on the face, blew on the body. The new broom new speed, making them very excited.
They also need to vent, last year, they not only lost should the GUI wonderful competition of defending. Before having a vacation at the final evening banquet, they still discard the school cup that should defend in the final moment.
They cross throughout entire summer break not carefree, but the present is the new year, they had the new opportunity, “will not be making sweet orchid smell grab the bargain.”
The first Saturday of beginning school, they attacked the imposing manner of standard sweet orchid smell mufti- team ruthlessly. Seven coronas 2001, seven fierce GUI wonderful players, making sweet orchid smell many not fight to burst, but also there is anything more joyful than this.
March very happy, has known since Harry, fights repeatedly, is very difficult to feel proud and elated like this. But he believes, this was only just started, he will not be losing to Harry.
Since he has decided and George maintains the relations, he turned in the good luck. From the beginning delivers some Skye Bring's unique book collections, these real one cent have not spent. After George accepted these books, March saw Harry and Owen at that time their fearful and apprehensive.
“They lost the backer.” March like knocking medicine, he had been fantasizing stepped on Harry and Owen in the picture of under foot. Naturally this is only a small part that he fantasizes, but more further flattering George, the harvest from afar compared with seeing Harry and Owen's panic, hearing them defeats the wail of dog more rousing.
March is selective delivered to George «Contemplated secret Standard», this book was not simple. This is in March family history, an extraordinary sorcerer talent, tried to restore in the ancient times the effort of sorcerer strength. This is the March family long history, powerful inheritance, the symbol of pure blood honor.
Only then time-honored powerful pure Xenia Clan like March family, is able, is dynamic, recovers in the ancient times the strength of sorcerer.
The March shriveled mouth, plants as for these humble mud secretly, had lost the pure Xenia Clan of strength and honor. For example Long bottom family and Wesley family these idiots, can remember the present spell, should thank heaven and earth. In the ancient times the spell, that was most powerful, strength that the most intelligent sorcerer can contact, was restores the inheritance let alone.
Thinks of here each time, March cannot bear the whole body shiver. He only knows that before George is very fearful, but he knows that now oneself cannot catch up with George forever, this makes him somewhat depressed.
He like a normal person, where does not have the 11-year-old student to have his height and body weight, he almost carried library all public books let alone.
From the beginning March does not believe, George can read the library public book collection, but makes in him with George maintains the relations, with George contacts unceasingly time. Always a point contact, always an understanding, makes his more point know, George makes in Hogwarts history the best newborn result, tip of the iceberg that but exposes.
Hides under the tranquil sea level, so immeasurably deep, compared with him, He sensitive Grainier's talent is also only the cleverness in trivial matters of child.
March cannot bear one send coolly, “this time George is powerful looks like a professor, no, he is much more powerful than the professor, the professor may not have the ability restoration in the ancient times the strength of sorcerer.”
Sends out «To contemplate the secret Standard» original intention wants to fight to relate with George, he has not thought George may recover these strengths. After all even the talent sorcerer in March family history, spent for dozens years, cannot recover finally truly the strength of ancient sorcerer.
This once represented secret Dan who March family several generations have vainly hoped, has also become the useless junks at the present.
March cannot think completely, finally this junks to George hand, were recovered unexpectedly by him, in the ancient times the strength of sorcerer.
March still remembers that just when received contemplates the technique does not believe that he does not believe the matter that the talent sorcerers on own family history cannot achieve, was achieved by George unexpectedly, he had not even planned that looks at these. But when George told him, will arrange him and Harry, among Owen trains the fight, he had doubtfully attempted to contemplate the technique.
Although is only one of the George choice contemplates the technique conveniently, but does not choose carelessly, this contemplates the technique to agree with March's physique.
He was also quick to feel to contemplate the benefit that the technique provided, when contemplated flowing of blood felt, the calm mind, was free about the control of charm, these made March be enchanted by. He has not obtained such powerful feeling, never has such direct grasping strength, this compared with his personal servant, his gold/metal Along makes him have the security sense, feels relieved.
Throughout entire summer break, he desires strongly is training contemplation, the spell, flight. Even his work, is spending makes one write.
But these all laborious is worth, in the GUI wonderful field, March easily obtained Skye Bring's looking player. Skye Bring who exchanges the new broom is to make sweet orchid smell many not fight to burst, “they did not have the opportunity again.” Smiling that March coldly.
“The tactic of our Skye Bring Team, does not have the tactic.” Flint shouts toward the teammates in the space greatly, he is explaining oneself tactic to Skye Bring's teammates,
“...” Flint's self-confidence, causes one of the Skye Bring team member to cheer.
“Our Bi gland many players are stronger, our broom coronas 2001, are better than their tattered.” Flint slows down the speed, stops in the air, waits for other teammates to close up to him.
“We are stronger.” Skye Bring's players encircled, they not mince matter to an oneself stronger self-confidence.
“Has a stronger player, stronger broom, quicker speed, what tactic but also needs?” Flint lifts up high, shouts loudly “powerful is the strongest tactic.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 100 snake blood “strongest... strongest...” Skye Bring's player, was stirred up by Flint's speech one's blood bubbles up to the brim, they liked this strongest tactic.

“Only what standard sweet orchid smell many needs to be worried is only Harry Potter, he truly is a good looking player.” Flint is somewhat saying seriously, but he smiled immediately, aimed at March the hand.
“Now the best looking player is I.” March is shouting loudly, the broom of under foot suddenly accelerates, from the sky makes very difficult speed change.
The Georgian sweet orchid smell mufti- teams compare other team only advantages, has light wheel 2000, can hold Harry of golden cat burglar. But now, Harry met him, Skye Bring is a mountain that the standard sweet orchid smell is unable to overstep. “
Skye Bring's team member, sends out intermittent confident shouting loudly.
Gore and Club are motionless, is looking down own tip of the toe, seems on their shoes to have an attractive flower to be the same.
On their shoes has not certainly spent, but on the rug has flowered, gold and silver border trace, winding line. Gore follows the line to proceed to look quietly, cannot see the body of appearance to sit cross-legged jet black on a stool. Gloomy and cold and deep cold on his body following Gore's regarding yarn covering, he quickly grasped the meaning of something, hits to tremble, immediately turns away.
Not the big room seems incomparably depressing, the arrangement in room has the earth-shaking change with last year. Gore still remembers last year time, on the wall also has in several Skye Bring history the picture of well-known sorcerer, they once were March's examples, but now completely.
On the wall and ground are the same traces, the winding line, the trace of gold and silver border, has extended the back wall from the entrance.
Gore just opened the door time, almost thinks oneself stepped into the lair of fiendish person, obviously is less than 20 square meters space, makes him have immeasurably deep that one type looks at does not bottom.
Until he saw the room March's form, like finding the pillar stepped into the room, but he, as soon as came to regret. Entirely different in this time March also day for peace, had the tremendous changes compared with last year.
In Gore heart meditates, “, since was frightened in the forest last year entered the hospital, March was getting more and more fearful.”
Gore does not like such March, he even wants to change a master, beforehand March is good to deal with. Only needing stands in his side, “!” Smiling two, helping him frighten the schoolmate. Easily completed his task, can obtain between -meal snack, gains the advantage, but can also be scary taking advantage of March's reputation.
But present March was not good to deceive like before, he requested many, had the good deed not to lead him and Club. Makes them inquire the news to come back each time, must repeated asking around. Once does not meet his requirement, light then scolded, heavy will also lose a spell.
Even loses fetters the incantation, but that whole body was bundled the tight taste to be possible not to feel better.
“After last year forest, March completely changed, he like attached the body in the forest by the demon.” Thought of here, Gore trembles, leaving is really this! Which he can also think now changes the master, wholeheartedly is only thinking the assignment that can deal with March, cannot bear at heart complains of hardship secretly, now really joins a gang of evildoers.
In Club's brain does not have Gore so many ideas, his head is big, but installs with eating related. Each time he and Gore were arranged to inquire by March when standard sweet orchid smell much news, he will be convenient in the Georgian sweet orchid smell takes the previous several cakes. He can always in common, eating that the place discovery that others cannot see hidden.
Like the present, he saw side on sitting cross-legged the small table of Maria has stem glass, inside thinks of the dark red viscous liquid.
Club is fronting the tip of the toe quietly, careful is turning own memory, wants to know that what this is delicious, “ red wine? It is not, red wine where that viscous.
Presses out the fruit juice fresh, there is a point image, the stem and tomato juice like such viscous. “ But he overthrew this judgment quickly, “in liquid does not have the fruit pulp, is only the pure liquid, what is?”
Club flexure the head, saw actually not to know, this that eats regarding a glutton, is insufferable. Suddenly, he at present one bright, in the history of his many years of vertically and horizontally/able to move unhindered glutton, few he has not eaten the thing.
No matter mouse or insect, so long as attended to well, he will not mind. Very special food in other person of eyes, to him is not special.
“Is the snake blood!” In Club eyes the ray twinkle, he recognized, he remembers that his mother had made the snake thick soup to him. That is really one excellent incomparable delicacy. Only is the snake thick soup in the fragrance that the boil gives off, makes him drool with envy, saliva directing current.
He still remembers that time scene, the snake thick soup needs to boil out is very long, he cannot endure patiently to turn in the kitchen everywhere looks, wants to look first comforts the belly that other eat. Then he saw one bowl remaining, dark red liquid. He gives the heck, he only remembers in kitchen, in bowl attire eats.
That calculates that is not the delicious thing is not unpalatable very much, Club pounds the mouth. The snake blood is very rank, is rank, is he has not tasted flavor. But after rich fishy smell, specially sweet, now recalled that makes one remember profoundly.
“The pure snake blood is not tasty, after cooking down the solidification the blood clot, is more suitable to make various types of food.” Recognized the food in wine glass, Club turned into a great good food sorcerer instantaneously, in his brain started the 12 ways of eating of unceasing recollection snake blood.
In Gore and Club's indulging in flights of fancy, March stopped oneself contemplation finally. He has not fallen the vision immediately to the two personal servants before body, but has turned the head, looked at the snake blood in stem glass.
“Really with I think, more is tallies contemplates the snake blood of technique characteristics, more is the conjunction contemplates the cultivation of technique.” March is comparing secretly, when with the different goods contemplate auxiliary the effect, which way considers obtaining the best effect, “pitifully does not have the snake strange blood, this powerful lifeforms was too rare.”
On his pale face reveals one to regret, “next time will be trying to mix the snake blood.”
March knows his father, why after graduating, will join the food dead disciple. Although he has not asked his father, his father has not told him. But he knows, this is a March should know naturally, matter that should understand.
He can see Harry, sees Wesley, sees Grainier's destiny. He can know Gore, Club's destiny. He has not mastered the ability of prediction, that is the most powerful sorcerer also the domain that is hard to get into. But March does not need these, he can see the destinies of others.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


