Chapter 101 March's wildness looks at “a life like ordinary sorcerer, finally will become an ordinary sorcerer.” March does not remember that this is the words that in the family which ancestor leaves behind, but later all March, are scrupulously following this maxim.

Others try hard for a lifetime, only to become an average person. But as a March, their ambitions, their desires, their bloodlines, do not allow them to turn into this.
Why Hogwarts must be divided into four schools, rather than everyone mixes to arrange in groups simply, is disguising staying on good terms with everyone?
A person said anything, thinks anything, is unimportant. But makes anything, how to do, is important. Was divided into Skye Bring, throughout like a Skye Bring, they can become a qualified Skye Bring finally.
Once entered Hatch Patch's such school, finally they will ponder like a Hatch Patch, becomes forever Hatch Patch who has not had the feeling.
March eyes can see through their future, “the poor devil of Wesley family/home, for a lifetime the highest achievement, like his father, goes to the magic section to be a commit at most. But Grainier that mud plants, she or goes back to work as numb Gun, or keeps magic to marry a fool.”
“As for the baud, his talent, perhaps will a little work as good proud, which day then does not know, the incautiously suddenly emitted black sorcerer massacres.” He looks down upon his opponent genuinely, “they think that I regard the opponent them, actually this is only I in pastime of school.”
“The fool of Long bottom family/home, can graduate to look for one to support own work smoothly, should thank heaven and earth.” March has looked back Gore and Bulk finally, “these two fools could become reluctantly available subordinate, otherwise, can only go to the general store to work for a lifetime.”
The destiny of person was established from the moment of birth, effort for a lifetime, can only make this setting well. Even if numb Gun the good luck became the sorcerer, still can only be the shame of sorcerer. The family of waste, the greatest achievement also becomes the waste for a lifetime not.
In March eyes the cold light twinkle, “the only exception is the strength, the strength can decide all, the strength can change all. This is March family distinguishes between the basic reasons of other fools, March family is not only powerful, they know how to change the destiny, how to strengthen the destiny.”
After Lucius graduates can become the food dead disciple without hesitation, gains own strength with the aid of the strength of Lord Voldemort. Also, after such as Lord Voldemort falls from power, Lucius on.
March family knows basic law that this world operates, they comply with this rule, controls this rule. This lets their from generation to generation person, is doomed to become the King, is doomed to become above the people.
“Are the fools of standard sweet orchid smell mufti- team, what making now?” March looks to Gore, lets news that he reports inquiring.
“Oh, Young Master March, we see standard sweet orchid smell many players, had been frightened by our teams.” Gore goes forward immediately one step, the mouth also exudes here the laughter. He sees March to be unemotional, immediately continues saying that “they several days had not trained, the team is listless, no one goes to the GUI wonderful training ground.”
Telling March who Gore continues to dance with joy, oneself from the news of Georgian sweet orchid smell mufti- acquisition, “especially that Fred, some people raised before him sweeps away the Big Dipper, his face rose red, in the eye got angry.” Mentioned in front of Red unceasingly swept away the Big Dipper is he.
“They do not train, listless, even the food little ate compared with the past.” Club's emphasis throughout above of eating, he very clear remembering. Georgian sweet orchid smell many team members, the time appetite of eating meal compared with was usually short, this lets him passes through from Georgian sweet orchid smell many tables the time, can many along several remaining cakes.
Gore continues saying that “ the team members of our team resulted in new light wheel 2001,
Is confident. Recently had the time, the team member went to the GUI wonderful arena to be familiar with own new broom. “ He reported news of other teams, “Latin Crowd and Hatch Patch's team member, starts to practice in the GUI wonderful arena. But sees our coronas 2001, they frighten are at a loss, was shattered to pieces by us in the training ground.”
“This is the natural matter.” March knows certainly that can be such result, before Harry joins Gland are many, Skye Bring is the school best team.
Now exchanged the new broom, the strength surpassed other team big truncation. Only if other teams also follow to exchange the similar equipment, but is this possible?
The players cannot spend this sum of money, Professor even/including will feel the anxiety about this number, otherwise standard sweet orchid smell many not only then Harry will have light wheel 2000, others will also used to sweep away the Big Dipper.
“Baud?” March also asked an old opponent Harry Potter's situation.
“Baud they turned many GUI wonderful competitions in the library the letter, wants to have a look to have what rule to limit our brooms.” Gore now to inquiring information, is somewhat handy, he will certainly not have leaked the most important baud, “will GUI strange limit an opponent operational performance better equipment?”
Asking that he somewhat worries about, he does not have interest in flip through the book, therefore asked to March.
“We are the sorcerers, more importantly the result, will not have the rule to limiting a more powerful equipment stupidly.” March to Harry their naive giving a tongue-lashing by the nose, they also be really the hemp melon idea of brain, how to possibly have the rule to limit a better equipment.
Community that the sorcerers grasp the strength, the worship to the strength is inborn, if not to avoid presenting the player dead, their even wishing one could make the player display the wicked incantation directly mutually. The GUI wonderful competition does not have the red card, has not fouled out.
Moreover, the GUI wonderful rule is also very inflexible, the request must hold the golden cat burglar to end. The longest GUI wonderful competition, even therefore conducted the entire three months. This is because GUI strange, although is only a game, a movement, but in the final analysis, is the demonstration of sorcerer strength and ability.
Like world peace time, will pursue the stimulation of violent sense. The sorcerer world is also so, the long-time peace, the sorcerers reduced the conflict. But in the field, various dark under methods, the contrary injury, these may be splendid, frank and upright.
GUI wonderful even can be counted is the fight and exercise between sorcerers, this naked strength demonstrated, the strength worship is possible to limit a more powerful equipment? People will only anticipate to be higher, is stronger, a more fearful equipment continuously appears.
As for fair? Only the game world will force considering the fair, real world only tasteful result.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Does Chapter 102 cheat? “It seems like really does not have the means that limits Skye Bring to used to surpass the standard broom.” Harry makes an effort to shake the head, own mentality, pulled out from «GUI Wonderful Revealing», fiercely one on sofas that fall down in the Georgian sweet orchid smell mufti- restrooms.

“Not only has no way to limit, but must guard against them to use more methods.” He keen moved moving toward side the body, to avoid bumps into Harry who makes threatening gestures, in her hand is also turning «GUI Wonderful Rule», “more looks more felt, GUI wonderful is really the game of simple and crude.”
Saturday standard sweet orchid smell many team members, in the team that the GUI wonderful arena meets Skye Bring, was shocked by their first even/including seven latest coronas 2001. The new semester begins school, they do not have the confidence of win. For these days training crazy Wood has not asked everyone to train, everyone is trying to find the solution, seeking method that can cope with Skye Bring Team.
For these days Harry, Owen, He also tried to find the solution in completely oneself effort sensitively. They glanced through the rule of GUI wonderful competition, looked at the record of GUI wonderful competition, but has not harvested.
“In rule does not have the means that in that tactic?” Owen read the book that a GUI wonderful competition records, in the book recorded historically, many field GUI wonderful competition winner's interview talk. But the concrete content, mostly is the winner thanked own broom, while thanked the pleasantries of own teammate.
“Skye Bring's tactic is not good to cope.” He keen gathered the book, is pursing the lips, is thinking Skye Bring's tactic. Skye Bring does not conceal to oneself tactic, very arrogant is showing off own great strength.
“Not having the tactic to be only their oral views.” He relates the GUI wonderful material that these days is checking sensitively, is analyzing Skye Bring's tactic, “their tactics are simple, is classical, concentrates on to display the biggest advantage.”
“Broom is they the biggest advantage.” Owen's indignant saying, Skye Bring's advantage equips, cheats.
“Yes, they also understand this point. Therefore, their tactical simple and crude, are effective. They decide to take the advantage of broom.” He's sensitive tone seems very helpless.
“Corona 2001 advantages are not only the speeds, is more suitable to ride. Also, can reduce the physical exertion, a quicker acceleration, quicker shift, the smooth flight, it's all performance go far beyond sweep away the Big Dipper.” She more said that more feels discouraged.
“After all the price was also expensive/noble more than ten times.” Corona that 2000 Harry uses, he can imagine has its promotion performance well, “performance difference was too big.”
“I go to the field to look at their training, their players can easily from the rear area, surpasses the brooms of other school players.” Owen never thinks that GUI wonderful is the movement that assembling prepares, but has to acknowledge now, what good equipment brings is the big advantage, “taking advantage of new broom, they, no matter is accelerating, shifts, went far beyond other teams.”
“Even the physical strength is also, then competes is longer, their advantage is instead bigger, from beginning to end is taking the huge advantage.” Harry is the player of GUI wonderful competition, he knows that these comprehensive advantages will cause what consequence in the competition, “we are very difficult to grab the ball, very rare minute, is hard to stall their attacks.”
“If not for knows these, why we spend the time in these books.” In the Min's hand book numerous rackets on the table, looked at these bored GUI wonderful rules for these days, has made her very impatient.
“But does not have the means finally.” Owen also threw the book one side, stretches oneself. For these days looked the GUI wonderful competition that he liked recorded, saw unexpectedly tired, it can be imagined, he turned many records.
“Tactical interception first can also catch up with the opposite party, only if our coordination can like Latin Crowd good.” Harry crawled from the sofa, backs in the sofa, recalled that since when competed last year the scene with Latin Crowd. He coordinates to have a vivid memory to Latin Crowd rigorously.
“First does not raise us to achieve Latin Crowd's tacit understanding, must know that now Latin Crowd also falls in the training on Sleight elegance and refinement completely.” He thinks sensitively standard sweet orchid smell many players, twin Brother Wesley of bracelet, let them and everyone coordinate like Latin Crowd, this is not easy. Let alone, even Latin Crowd, still same must lose to Skye Bring.
“I read almost all competition records, what in the team is most essential looks for the player, we lost in other positions completely. Only can send the hope, Harry can hold the golden cat burglar fast.” Owen looked at the record of GUI wonderful competition, finally only found out this is not the means of means.
“I will make the best effort to hold the golden cat burglar, I will not lose to March.” Amarillo ponders over, now also only then this means.
“Harry's light wheel 2000 does not miss his March's broom are too more, in the wingmanship is March is better, but we must guard against the disturbances of other Skye Bring team members.” He also approves of this means sensitively, but also said own worry.
“They will certainly do this certainly will let person converging attack Harry, moreover I have seen March in the training ground, is not weak with the light wheel 2001 his strengths.” Owen analyzes dealing that Skye Bring can make, then remembers in the field has seen March's training.
“Only can, I not want to lose to March wholeheartedly.” Harry also feels very helpless, last year everyone coordinated and fought together. This year meets March mindless bought seven coronas 2001, now the victory and defeat of entire team, hands over his body completely, this makes him feel some pressures.
“The most useful means are to actually change the broom, sweeps away the Big Dipper to have no way with light wheel 20001 to compare completely.” Owen complained low voice, the school was too stingy, had fallen behind to the broom that the GUI wonderful competition provided, this made them have no way with March to resist completely directly.
Who didn't say? So long as exchanges a point broom, even if only poor light wheel 2000. Harry also believes player who own teammate will not lose to Skye Bring. But makes them used to sweep away the Big Dipper to go to and light wheel 2001 fights, this felt embarrassed them.
But thinks that both's price, everyone can only be silent, without money is always sorrowful.
“Competes I not to have the means directly, must say words that cheats.” He is pursing the lips to say sensitively low voice, she does not know should say, but she does not think that Harry loses to March.
“Said quickly looks at your means that Skye Bring oppresses others by the broom cheats.” Owen listens to He also to have the means sensitively, immediately excited pursues asks. Skye Bring did not have the plan to win the competition fairly, he did not certainly mind that exceeded them with some methods. Let alone loses to March, that was too bad.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 103 rule and loophole “eagle-eyed technique.” He hesitated sensitively, said this means that as for uses this method, everyone can continue to discuss, “I know George has developed the silent incantation the eagle-eyed technique, but can also no stick.”

“If Harry can use the eagle-eyed technique on the broom, then catches the golden cat burglar, becomes easy.” Owen responds immediately, he when watches the sports match to use this spell repeatedly, he knows that this spell uses, in GUI will compete wonderfully on fierce.
“If so, the competition did not have the significance.” Harry's tone somewhat struggles, he does not want to lose to March, but if with cheating to attend the competition, the competition did not have the significance.
Cheats, loses, this is an issue. And the biggest problem, does not lie in unfair, but lies in anything is more important. When the most powerful participant is the dependence cheats to obtain the advantage, the competition also encourages cheating in secret. Did this time be this/should dependence strength frank and upright lost to cheats, comply with the rule also to cheat?
Harry, Owen, He fell into sensitively silent. Should cater to the world, stops at nothing, wins. Only needs to persevere the conscience, rather loses? No one knows how this issue should reply.
“First do not think so many, we first ask that George has had other means. Moreover, uses the eagle-eyed technique on the broom, where so will be easy.” Owen does not know that should cheat like Skye Bring, is frank and upright losing. But he does not want to give up like this, he also thinks that is rescuing, perhaps George will have the means.
“Right, we ask George.” He does not know how sensitively should make the decision, she put forward feasible means that when this is only compels to have no other choice finally the method.
“Walks, we ask George.” Harry prepares to leave immediately, he does not want to make this decision, no matter complies with the rule to cheat, loses frankly and uprightly, he does not want to choose. In addition, should have the opportunity of frankly and uprightly winning.
Harry, Owen, He takes to also arrive at the book of library sensitively, left the lounge together. They first went to the library, taking advantage of the book also falls, then in the mutual aid association found George.
George is somewhat surprised about their purposes in coming, “said, you have admitted defeat now quickly?” George knows that March summer vacation progresses is very big, but has not expected him to begin school this year, the performance is uncommon. Now he their fights to March and Harry's also started to be interested.
“We have not admitted defeat, but Skye Bring they are cheating, the GUI wonderful rule is encouraging cheating radically.” He looks at George sensitively ill-humoredly, she more is understood that the rule of GUI wonderful competition, more thought the GUI wonderful competition encourages cheating.
George listens to the sensitive this saying, on the face to show the understanding smile, “your discovery is very correct, the GUI wonderful competition is the demonstration of sorcerer strength and wisdom, they are really encouraged cheating.”
“Do they actually really encourage cheating?” He is sensitive, she drew this conclusion, but said this saying to be indignant and complaint. Has not really thought that the sorcerers will encourage cheating, only thinks that the sorcerers do not pass suavely, the regular loophole are too many, never expected that George actually said that GUI strange true encourages to cheat.
“How possibly?” Owen cannot believe, he is the GUI wonderful frantic fan, he likes GUI wonderful team the indomitability. Likes the GUI wonderful team warm-blooded with athletics, George actually said that the GUI wonderful competition encourages cheating, this makes him not be willing to believe.
“Why does the GUI wonderful competition need to encourage cheating?” Harry also finds it this hard to believe that but he is the player of GUI wonderful competition, he faced directly the Skye Bring's seven coronas 2001.
He knows that oneself teammate correct use is sweeping away the Big Dipper, he knows that such competition is very unfair, but the rule has not planned to solve these problems. The GUI wonderful rule that for these days read made him very puzzled, he wants to make clear these for anything.
“ Unlike athletics and sports of average person.
“ George looks was feared Harry they, slowly explained to them, “sorcerer has the charm inborn, the charm is part of sorcerers body, the charm and sorcerer are inseparable, the charm is the fundamental difference of sorcerer and average person.” “Competition between any sorcerers, cannot forbid the sorcerer to use own charm, cannot forbid the average person to draw support from own body like you in the competition.” George tried to make an analogy.
The body of average person is the dependence of average person, the body of person has the huge difference. Some people inborn pretty, the talent is outstanding, the wisdom is extraordinary. Some people are strong, the strength is extraordinary. Also, some people act agilely, the speed is astonishing.
Competition between average people, no matter beauty contest, competition appearance. Intelligence test, competition intelligence. Sports competition, physical confrontation. The game plays chess, mental ability computation. These all ratios fight, is relying on the body of person, is relying on the talent of body, no one will think that these drew support from oneself body, is unfair.
But the sorcerer, has the charm inborn, charm in Sushi, like the physical quality and mental ability talent of average person. Has not competed will forbid the sorcerers to use own charm.
“Flying broom is not the charm.” He lacks in resonance sensitively said low voice.
“Flying broom is not the charm, but the flying broom is the tool of competition. You cannot forbid to be strong, the charm powerful person attended the competition, naturally cannot forbid the team member to use a better equipment, better item.” George did not mind to the sensitive question, continues to give her to explain.
“Perhaps if the sorcerers hundreds of millions population, will also divide the competition rank in the competition like the average person, strictly limits the charm rank and item rank. But is very obvious, the present sorcerers do not need these completely, in the competition demonstrated with every effort own strength and wisdom, including the wealth, were encouraged by the rule.” George, stopped at this point finally.
“Team that George will join Latin Crowd?” He keen thinks an issue, loses to Skye Bring compared with the team, her rather GUI wonderful champion falls into Latin Crowd hand.
Harry and Owen hear this idea are also in the heart one happy, so long as does not lose to Skye Bring and March, to be how good, their face anticipates looks at George.
George shrugged, thinks little, “like me just said that if sorcerers hundreds of millions population, will divide the rank like the average person.”
“Good, I understood probably, March held GUI wonderfully not to divide the rank the is not the loophole of loophole. But to you, GUI strange Deng of school excessively is also low, the entire competition to you are a loophole.” He keen Editor thinks a meeting, roughly understood George's idea.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 104 so-called conscience George commended looks at He to be sensitive, was really intelligent Grainier, “the utilization method within regular range, utilized the rule, did not represent cheats. The competition between sorcerers, is the demonstration of wisdom and strength, naturally also includes the wealth.”

At this point, he continued saying that “is not at any time, any situation, fair is natural. In specific environment, fair, just, can discard, even forbids. If necessary, the rule will naturally forbid to use the item, forbids the charm more powerful person participation.”
“Since the rule encourages the sorcerer demonstration strength and wisdom, then we can certainly use the eagle-eyed technique, can use light wheel 2001 like Skye Bring.” He keen Pie clapping, exciting saying. Although George does not plan to join Latin Crowd, so long as grasps the eagle-eyed technique, Harry won the opportunity of competition is very big.
“George you teach Harry quickly, how not to need the magic wand to use the eagle-eyed technique.” Owen hears to be able in the competition to use the eagle-eyed technique, immediately thinks Harry learns to use the eagle-eyed technique on the broom as soon as possible.
Harry lowers the head has not spoken, he knows what George said is right, but he feels like irritable. Even if Marconi used the rule, bought seven coronas 2001, but he still felt in the competition uses the eagle-eyed technique to make the competition lose the significance.
George looks at Harry to keep silent, guessed correctly his idea, asking of gentle voice, “Harry, you thought this is unfair?”
Harry does not know how should reply, he does not think this is unfair, does not think that fair is any extraordinary matter.
Harry is not silly, the world where has what fair? He does not have the parents in the babyhood, this fair? He lodges 11 years in mother 's sister's husband family/home, daily comes under attack to be scolded, by receives frozen hungrily, is this also fair? His forehead also scabs, this is a powerful black fiendish person, in him still when the swaddling clothes, kills his parents to stay behind to him, is this also fair?
But he does not feel happily, he likes flying, likes in the air free dancing in the air. Returned to the sea like the fish, the sky that the bird welcomed. GUI wonderful is not a victory and loss, but is joyful, is free, is the friendship of he and teammate.
Even if March can buy seven coronas 2001, but he has no way to obtain the joys of these competitions like himself. Even if he can depend upon the eagle-eyed technique relaxed defeats other teams, perhaps but he will lose joyfully these.
George continues saying that “in the regular range, does not represent to cheat using the method, does not represent is wrong. But they also do not represent are good, does not represent is perfectly justified. Bought seven coronas 2001 like March, this makes other schools very uncomfortable.”
“Is this.” Harry at present one bright, he cares is not the victory and loss, now but was George says.
Wins certainly, whether used the method, but similarly, wins does not represent correctly, does not represent naturally. Loses does not represent wrongly, does not represent guilty of the most heinous crime.
“You use the eagle-eyed technique are also so, this conforms to the rule, is not wrong. But does not represent this naturally, this will make other schools very uncomfortable. Therefore, I will not help you learn the eagle-eyed technique directly, but the competition is the demonstration of sorcerer wisdom and strength. As your intelligent returns, because you asked to me the GUI wonderful information, I told you these.”
George knows that what is knows when to stop, he knows that the GUI wonderful competition encourages cheating, but he not therefore goes to the arena to beat the little friend.
He knows that the real world winners sweep the decks, but he also knows, wins does not represent correctly, does not represent naturally. Loses does not represent the mistake, does not represent guilty of the most heinous crime.
Wins only the representative to win, loses also only the representative to lose.
Harry is listening to George's words, the eye is getting more and more bright, he wants to understand itself for anything. Is this, this is he wants, the rule can use but cannot abuse absolutely.
“ Because you seek the information of eagle-eyed technique to me,
I provide the note of eagle-eyed technique to you. If other schools have this wisdom, I will also give them the information of eagle-eyed technique. This perhaps is unfair, but I like this. “ George, oneself also smiled at this point. “You even can consider, uses the eagle-eyed technique for Skye Bring, competes to other teams as usual.”
Where has any perfect means that more importantly, oneself do not put in great inconvenience to themselves to cater to the so-called false morals. Also do not abuse the right, puts lowly all bottom lines.
“I also like this means.” On Harry face shows the smile, is saying loudly.
“, Decided happily.” He jumped sensitively excitedly, matter does not start to think like her is so bad.
Matter every so often, not like people imagine. She thinks from the beginning, can only choose, or frank and upright loses, or at heart anxious cheats. Has not all thought, originally also has other methods unexpectedly, much wisdom, many understanding, had many understandings and choices.
Does not represent using the rule cheats, does not represent to need to be anxious. Treats the good intentions to return treats good evilly also to attack.
Treats nicely also to attack, no doubt is guilty of the most heinous crime. Treats evilly, the return is good, is another guilty of the most heinous crime, doing good deeds is good, except wicked is a bigger good.
The world's most fearful is not the unprincipled person is too rampant, but is the unprincipled person also would some people washing, finally also can always be washed cleanly, but also gives the euphemistic name tolerantly. People always to good exceptionally harsh, to evil absolutely tolerant. After all nicely lacks the aggressively, evil actually no one can stir up.
Owen flexure scratched the head, somewhat could not feel the mind, he may not have the sensitive so many thoughts. However, he also knows that the matter was solved, “is the present only issue, Harry can the learned before the competition release the eagle-eyed technique on the broom?”
“Should?” Harry no longer worried that should use the eagle-eyed technique, but he somewhat worries whether in the upper air, to use the eagle-eyed technique on the flying broom, this is not easy.
He keen Shanghai took a look at Harry, contrasted George, “I look a little dangerous.”
“This studies the spell, not compared with height appearance.” Harry is somewhat uncomfortable to the sensitive action, why must take him and George.
“Said seems like you except the height appearance, has anything to compare favorably with George to resemble.” He sensitive both hands one, a face disdains.
“Let alone comes out.” Harry makes threatening gestures must pinch the sensitive face, He laughs sensitively is running off. Finally, the solution was worried many days of issues, their moods become relaxed, the mutual chase creates a disturbance.
“Wait I.” Owen ran until Harry and He sensitively far, the response that lagged behind, waves to shout immediately pursued.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 105 in the ancient times spell “was really the energetic young people.” Kate Inlet walked, her face envied said that in the hand also takes a thick fat.

No matter where Latin Crowd's person arrives, can bring the thick book along. No matter in the restaurant, is in the field, no matter in the dormitory, is the classroom. So long as the present matter cannot attract them, a word did not gather them to fall into the book sea. Although some reads the textbook, some reads the travel notes, some reads the novel, some are looks lonely.
“You also only compared with their greatly several years old good, young people.” George cannot help smiling, often is the young people, the association/will felt own youth no longer. But on old some, instead wish one could to catch up with the youth tail, shipping out oneself is young people.
The oldest person, instead did not have the youth concept. They are every time easy to fall into the recollection, they experience too many, has looked are too many, in the memory the association/will emit something and present mental association in the same place. Gradually, this is called Seville, this is called the death.
The sorcerers often do not die of the life span end, they have numerous means to continue oneself life span, the sorcerer are more dies not misses of the heart. Before the life span ends, their heart to the whole world has died.
Kate as if also remembered oneself real age, shakes, the dark long hair flings somewhat scattered in disorder, was used the fine tender fair finger to pull the ear, after by her.
“-” She shouts one, resembling to body all weariness, taking advantage of shouting to drive out.
Shouted finally, she still jumped layer on layer/heavily several on the ground. Then like really all weary drives out, changed the energetic youth young girl instantaneously, “does not dare to stay up late, staying up late was really the archenemy of youth young girl.”
“What's wrong, what has to be able difficultly to you?” George is also very curious, anything can make Kate stays up all night.
A Kate face hidden bitterness looks at George, said leisurely, “also not because of you.”
“I?” George fierce one startled, after the leg cannot bear, stepped one step. Did not have past peaceful landslide in before again, but the color invariable calm, turns at heart with many ramifications, “is this must vindicate?”
“Is you, you gave my ancient spell, said that anything has confirmed. Finally, I tried one in the evening, is not obviously right.” In Kate vision is hiding the deep complaint, resembling to use the look, lets harm own the chief criminal of staying up late to feel compunction.
Previously George gave her ancient spell some materials, added that has confirmed. How the real sorcerer will have no interest in the ancient spell, George added in addition has confirmed that she believes that George will not misread.
Therefore, just attained the material, her one got buried into the ancient spell. But peruses the material not only to have achieved nothing, in brain puzzled are instead getting more and more, where she one has not rested late actually cannot seek out the issue. These ancient spells as if have the vital issue, has no way to realize completely. If not for these materials come from George, she will think that the material is false.
George's ill-humored saying, “my summer vacation does not have many harvests, your evening wants to learn in the ancient times the spell, you were also too self-confident.” Having a false alarm, George is somewhat speechless, the person is scary, scary.
“You said that has confirmed that I think that can learn directly.” Kate somewhat embarrassed spitting tongue, she then understands that were too impatient.
This was the ancient spell, was the modern sorcerers already the strength of losing. Kate for this reason is not how crazy and infatuated, as a being well-read Latin Crowd, are more than others who she knows.
In the historical record the powerhouse in ancient sorcerer has the inconceivable strength, is much more fearful compared with the modern sorcerers. They can not draw support from the flying broom to fly, can not draw support from the magic wand displays the powerful spell.
Casting a spell in legend even can summon the meteorite, destroys the city. Also, can make the land frozen, in the thousand Li (500 km) completely becomes the snow country, raises hand quarrying a mountain crack earth,
Is a cinch. When the strength in this legend, suddenly appears in her at present, even can start to study, the Kate how not mind completely lost, mind/square inch chaos.
Perhaps some sorcerers are not believing these records, they only believe oneself can see. They do not believe that the sorcerer has had such powerful strength, treats as the fairy tale these, treated as the sorcerer to toot one's own horn to oneself in the ancient times.
But Kate knows that the fact is not this, the powerful ancient sorcerer really existed, was not only the record that in the history can support in every way. Once philosopher's stone, once Nicole Lever was showing in the ancient times the sorcerer powerful evidence, he and his wife lived over 650 years old.
If were not they felt about the life was sick. They can also continue to go on living, they were showing in the ancient times the sorcerer powerful living evidence, a living example. But they were weary eventually, their deaths, the destruction of philosopher's stone. Is the serious damage of sorcerer world, is the sorcerer the world's most top layer strength, disappearance of most top layer knowledge.
Perhaps dozens years later the legend of Nicole Lever and philosopher's stone, cast a spell like the ancient sorcerer and ancient times, forever vanished, only kept in the fairy tale. Perhaps the later sorcerers, do not believe that the mysterious philosopher's stone, does not believe the sorcerer can live 650 years old, and even more.
“What you in study in the ancient times in spell is what issue? Is the charm is uncontrolled, is unable to induce the element.” George some indefinite asking, he in the spell issue in the study was interested to the Kate's in the ancient times very much.
In the ancient times the spell will be lost, nearly vanished, naturally can have the special difficulty. He always conceived the restoration the process of spell to be problem-free in the ancient times, if really so easy, in the ancient times the spell will not fall to the situation of being lost.
Since George will give Kate the material of ancient spell, how can also not prepare. In contemplating technique, in addition he understood that chooses the appropriate contemplation technique for everyone, in the ancient spell was so. Ancient spell material that in Kate hand obtains, was the construction in the ancient times the foundation content of spell. Selection spell, undergoes his confirmation, spell that safely is also easy to display.
Kate is biting the lip, looks the embarrassment, “I do not know where the issue leaves, will therefore feel embarrassed.” During the speeches, she puts out a hand, wields gently.
A book on table, as her finger floats in the air, change gently page after page. A nearby cup also floated in the air, cup left Bayou shakes, the water in cup as if solidifies general, does not see the half a point mighty waves.
She waves again, in the cup the liquid just like a large snake, fled. From the sky winds to sway from side to side, circles unceasingly, finally twines above the cup body, just like living creature.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The development of Chapter 106 spell “diverts attention multipurpose, the charm control is adept.” George cannot bear clap to applaud, “only needs to be joined to a flying needle kind of thing, this has been able to treat as the attack method directly.”

Kate utilizes the charm like reading the strength, this skillful charm utilization, almost can treat as the attack method directly.
“Attractive, usually can also be used to be loaf. Naturally what is most convenient, did not need to make others help me take table another side thing.” Kate smiles, to using the charm attacks, somewhat thinks otherwise, “sorcerer facing the danger, the first time adds on the armor guard to oneself, flying needle these may not harm the sorcerer.”
George does not believe like this, although so the utilization of charm the legality is very low, but wins in hiding is quick. He once drew support from the invisible clothes sneak attack to kill Lord Voldemort, he knows that does not have the sorcerer of protection is how frail, they like average person.
With the charm operation flying needle, naturally could not cope to have the sorcerer of protection. But serves as the sneak attack, only needs the opposite party not to guard, makes a move to puncture blindly their eyes. Once receives this injury, merely is the ache, the sorcerer who will let overwhelming majority peace age births loses the resistance ability.
Even if presents the accidental/surprised opposite party also to struggle, but lost the vision sorcerer, even responded that is still unable to save the situation.
Although thought that the charm control flying needle, many potential can unearth, but George has not continued to pester this, “charm control is adept, then the issue should not in the charm control.”
Kate also nods, this is also her judgment, she to oneself charm control some confidence, “charm control is my strong point, should say that I also some talents on this, I study the spell to be quicker than most people.”
“Contemplating is not to me difficult, the training that these months contemplate the technique, has very big help to my charm control. I do not believe, in the foundation part including ancient spell, my charm control can unable to reach the standard.” Although Kate to the ancient spell and ancient sorcerer powerful is charmed, but will not improperly belittle oneself.
She has not graduated, can develop the reading spell. The ordinary day academic record is also the ultra schoolmate, she has as the self-confidence and pride of top student. If the powerful spell, is unable to learn this to be very normal. But the spell of most foundation is unable to learn, that definitely is the middle has the key of secret. But is not her aptitude will be absolutely insufficient, is not her learning capability will be absolutely insufficient.
“Then to the induction of element?” George also asked another key question.
In the ancient times the spell and a modern spell the biggest difference, was the resonance of element. In the ancient times the spell from the beginning, needs in the construction charm channel, the charm model. The charm model that these construct from the beginning, needs to form the resonance with the element, can compose a complete spell.
But the modern spell, will focus on the use of oneself charm more often. Also, because of this, the charm becomes more controllable, the sorcerers can utilize the aspects in life the charm. Rather than was worried that cooks a meal the heating incantation to burn down the bowl, the clean magic will not rip open the bed sheet.
But also because just the ancient spell constructed from the beginning, needs to produce the resonance with the element. In the ancient times the spell displayed, its destructive power can draw support from the element the strength, is with the aid of the strength of element, had the ancient spell astonishing destructive power.
Kate lowers the head the ponder, when recalled the practice feeling, shakes the head, said that “not with the induction of element.”
“In the ancient times displaying of spell, needs to the sensation of element. When uses the magic, provokes the element the resonance, this can display the ancient spell.” George was recalling when displayed in the ancient times the spell attainment, hopes that these experiences were helpful to Kate.
Kate eyes one bright, immediately pursues asks, “said, you have been able to display in the ancient times the spell?” She has not thought, originally George has been able to display in the ancient times the spell.
“Also right, no wonder you will say, has confirmed these spells. Originally you have been able to display, I should think early.” In Kate heart dark angry, oneself were really slow.
She should think, since George said that these spells have confirmed that was he has definitely learned. Thinks oneself just added that these spells had the issue red, Kate's ear all of a sudden quietly.
George stretches out the magic wand, only listens to his mouth to chant incantations low voice, a magic wand point, a fist big red fireball, on float in the sky of magic wand. The red fireball like the heart of person, the unceasing beat, is dispersing the flame and heat to the four directions.
Kate proceeded curiously one step, cautious being close, felt the huge heat in the fireball containing, felt the beat in the fireball to hide hot tempered anxious.
“In my material may not have this spell.” Kate looks around the fireball, is somewhat disappointed, “this and modern spell too has not distinguished much, even the might is possibly smaller.”
“It is not quite good to control, compares the present spell, it like an unstable bomb, possibly explodes at any time. I had not certainly planned that makes you use this to do the experiment.” George is saying with something else in mind, “modern spell can expand, naturally can have own advantage, after all this was only the ancient spell of most foundation.”
Although George was interested in the ancient spell very much, but also spent lots of energy the restoration in the ancient times the spell, person but who will not stress the past over the present like these. Thinks all ancient is good, all modern is bad, this is completely the impervious idea.
The thing that can grow strong, has certainly its truth. Even bad money pursuit good money, still in deficient integrity on behalf of society, does not regard as important the integrity, causes the integrity is not valuable. The modern spell can grow strong, certainly has the superiority of modern spell, for example is safer, more general, is better to grasp.
George took seriously in the ancient times the spell, absolutely was not because ancient was good. He not by the fool who stressing the past over the present to eat meal, he even is not the indigenous people in this world. He will want the restoration in the ancient times the spell, because of the record proof, in the spell had compared with a modern spell more powerful strength merely in the ancient times.
Looks that the fireball on magic wand is more and more unstable, he opens the mouth to chant incantations low voice, the fireball on magic wand was held by a big hand likely, unceasing reduction, unceasing reduction, slowly completely.
“- Also must start from these useless spells!” Kate seems somewhat discouraged, although knows that the study the spell, must start from the foundation in the ancient times.
But thinks oneself have grasped a fiercer spell obviously, now actually has to start from the ancient spell of most foundation, cannot bear somewhat discouraged. To grasp compared with a present stronger spell, that must spend how much time.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The Chapter 107 March's room George is somewhat saying ill-humoredly, “not so? You think that the restoration the spell, never knows in the ancient times which corner, discovers a worn-out precious book. Above records casting a spell incantations in several legends, how after learning to read, can kill the four directions greatly?”

Kate blushed, “how do you know?”
A George hand-held volume, is on the rise to look up to the ceiling, “I will also read the novel.” Then said with the low inaudible sound, “, moreover looks many.”
“In the ancient times the restoration of spell was very long-time duty, your present brain is somewhat chaotic, first rested. When the mind returned to normal, in study in the ancient times spell.” George looks that Kate even more appears the weary look, first consoles her to rest. Even he, still spent for a year, has harvested in the ancient spell.
Speaking of the rest, Kate cannot bear stretch oneself, she was truly frightened by the ancient spell, is at a loss.
Gore two legs are running quickly, he pants, on him the air/I does not go. He even more thought that the present day does not feel better, before even more fondly remembers, only needing stands side Maria, can complete the task the happy day. But he does not have the courage to stop.
March changed, becomes very fearful. He also can only follow changes, no matter he does want. This is a destiny as personal servant, this also a consciousness as personal servant. Even if a personal servant, he must be makes one to live personal servant well.
Before he arrived at the gate of Maria dormitory, as a Skye Bring grade most powerful student, they have an own one-roomed dormitory.
The four graduate schools in school have the characteristics respectively. Georgian sweet orchid smell many crude brave, Hatch Patch has not had the feeling, Latin Crowd's wisdom is gentle, Skye Bring's resorting to all means.
And the standard sweet orchid smell are many and Hatch Patch takes seriously the team and friendship, the students of these two schools, regardless of the rank position, everyone live in many dormitories. So that everyone can be together good, exchanges the sentiment. But Latin Crowd Institute respects the knowledge, the most intelligent student always has the special treatment. Skye Bring does not need to raise, they even in own school, according to strength row of rank order.
March to the Skye Bring most satisfied place, includes this single room. As March family's successor, although in the school is well below at home, but he also has an own room.
Thinks if Skye Bring are also many like the standard sweet orchid smell, Hatch Patch fool school is the same. He has to plant or Nervy with the humble mud, Gore, Club's such fool lives together a dormitory. Such picture, thinks purely, makes him be afraid.
In the school, is this dormitory that he most likes. Whenever he dull time here, some people will not disturb him. He can arrange the arrangement in room willfully, can optional handles the matter that any wants to handle in the room. Even sometimes here compared in the Maria manor, but also makes him feel comfortable.
Last year time, on the wall of room is also hanging, in Skye Bring history the pictures of some powerful sorcerers. But this year, these do not need completely. In the present room, on the wall, the ground, on the ceiling, is gold and silver border trace, the winding line has extended the entrance.
Everyone comes, will have a scare by this fearful arrangement, March likes this feeling, likes the visitor dreading and terrified look. Here present really looks like completely belongs to his lair, the lair of fiendish person.
“Thump. Thump. Thump!” One hear of knocking on a door sounds know that is fool Gore, after contemplating the training of technique, March powerful is not only the charm and controlling force, even including sense. This lets him more strengths, more ideas, invested to contemplate in the technique, powerful he liked this type bringing enriched and satisfies.
He gives a name to oneself contemplation technique for the snake breath technique, in fact he wants to call its fiendish person's heart,
What a pity that was too high-profile. An astute March, will not make such stupid action. The name of snake breath technique is also good, the snake institute will pitch finally under my breath. “Comes in Gore!” March has not set out, still sat before the desk, what on the table puts is he most important contemplation technique. Side is emptying the stem glass, when needed, in the cup will install all kinds of snake blood, this is he cultivates the best drinks of snake breath technique.
Most starts to drink these times, will make people somewhat irritable. But slowly, with keen of your sense, energetic purification. You can feel that in that blood, is hiding gloomy and cold deep cold. They pass through your throat, climbs up your body, flows through your blood, is stimulating your sense, is making fun of your spirit, how wonderful feeling.
Gore opened the gate to walk, passing through the gate is seeing March, that belt/bring gloomy and cold of being infatuated. Heat radiating from body perspiration that just ran, turned into the cold sweat instantaneously, the speech became the stutter, “Young Master March... Harry they went... to ask Ciao... to govern....”
“Knows that they honest admitting defeat, will not really look for their backers.” Saying that March cold snort/hum, coldly. He has long known that Harry they will not easily admit defeat, even he gave Harry them to find out several means of dealing ahead of time.
When his father Lucius agreed that sends seven coronas 2001 to Skye Bring, he had been considering counter measures that other schools can take. Especially the standard sweet orchid smell are many, especially Harry Potter's counter measures, he even thought well the counter measures for the baud ahead of time,
Skye Bring wins on the broom, but wins is not only the broom. Before Potter is suitable the sweet orchid smell are many, the standard sweet orchid smell many had lost for seven years, they are not the intelligent schools. Skye Bring in the strength and tactic, surpasses the standard sweet orchid smell to be many. Now must add on the broom, is absolutely safe.
How will Harry Potter deal? The standard sweet orchid smell that depends upon these fools many had not counted on, the baud will know these, March knows these. Only if he also gives the standard sweet orchid smell many to exchange light wheel 2001 richly completely, perhaps such they can lose are not miserable. That is certainly impossible, in the school has this economic strength does not have this idea, has this idea does not have this economic strength.
Therefore, and finally, victory and defeat key only on March and baud. The arrivals of these seven brooms, smooth handed over them the result of GUI wonderful competition completely every. But, March has the enormous superiority, his advantage also as the playing time is getting bigger and bigger.
This is the aspect that he deliberately must make, must by oneself, decide the victory that competes, decided that the ownership of victory and defeat, this type controls all conditions to make him be enchanted by.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 108 prisoner's cage tactic “concrete what's the matter?” March's unemotional asking, was also pondering at heart Harry they from George there, what countermeasure obtained.

“Baud, Owen, before He is sensitive their three people, in the library, has turned looks for the GUI wonderful rules and some competitions records.” Gore continues saying that “, but they should still not find the means that therefore continuously listless.”
“Then if easy, made them find the means that my seven coronas 2001 were white Mai?” March is saying with something else in mind, he bought seven coronas 2001 properly.
These are spent properly, proper investment, earnest wealth, frank and upright advantage. If this can by baud their thinking easily, be displayed one's eloquence thinks that the means recall these advantages, that also does have the natural justice?
Gore also slow, present March becomes not scary, quickly flattered, the method of “Young Master March, their three where had the skill to deal. Spent several days of time investigates Latch to go, these fools did not have the means finally.”
Gore, the hollow laugh several, was ridiculing at this point Harry three people, sees March not to respond, he continues saying that “they really could not find the means that finally has to ask others, they looked for George at noon.”
Finally, hears the key, March is also the eye narrows the eyes, greatly in the eye cold light hold, he most has no way to completely understand is George. He can guess correctly after Harry, is proud, Owen later is also a commit mostly at most, Grainier later will stay in magic mostly marries a fool.
This is not he has the energy of foreknowledge, foreknowledge, because the person is very difficult to surpass own ability and environment. Especially an average person, throws the remote place them, they later are doomed to till the fields to feed the cow for a lifetime.
Throws them to the lively big city, their majority also can only find work under an average level. But if a person is good from the small reincarnation, was educated good, like his March, such person is doomed inborn uncommon, becomes the top dog.
This is the world's most people's home to return, destiny that most people are doomed, but in the world also has the extremely minority exceptions.
Regarding George, March could not completely understand completely. George like that exception, March could not guess correctly that he wants to make anything. He will not become proud, will not go to be the professor, even his Hogwarts does not pay attention.
March could not guess correctly that he wants to make anything, but March knows, such person, no matter makes anything. Finally, would earthly-shaking, no one is able to prevent, like black fiendish person.
“Does not know that George said anything to them, after coming out, they like did not worry that GUI wonderful competition, is very merry.” Gore does not dare to ask George to inquire the news, obviously asked that Harry they also touch the mildew head. This told certainly March directly, making he himself try to find the solution,
“Walks, we have a look at standard sweet orchid smell many fools.” March sets out suddenly, planned that had a look at Harry they to find what countermeasure from George there.
...................
Harry, Owen, He under George's comfort, solved sensitively finally puzzled they several days of troubles. The GUI wonderful competition has the good way, then should encourage the team members. Must continue to train, while must the start practice eagle-eyed technique well. After all can defeat March, can defeat Skye Bring, this is the most essential part,
Even had the counter measures, if finally the use, is not equal to not having.
Harry they first found Wood, when compares the first training high-spirited Wood, present he seems somewhat thin and pale. The thick dark pouch, in addition the chaotic hair, appearing the health is unsatisfactory. However, his state of mind is good, he after all is a team leader, is rare true deeply loves the person of GUI wonderful competition.
Wood had not lost the fighting spirit for these days,
He has been trying to find the solution, has been thinking the tactic. Harry just found his time, he still writes one after another tactic on the drawing board in dormitory with the pen. “Harry, I think the means of dealing with Skye Bring.” Wood sees their first few words, tactic about GUI wonderful competition.
“What means is?” Although the Harry three people are encourage everyone, the means of but also to Wood are curious, Wood is the GUI wonderful team leader, the experience is rich, perhaps really has any good means.
“Skye Bring's player, exchanged the best broom, with the aid of the advantage of broom. They are quicker than us, is more flexible than us, the consumption will also be smaller than us.” Wood does not daydream, was counting on won the competition, person who wins the championship. He is trains crazily, is the tactic is crazy, he believes that also depends upon the strategy.
“We, if with their specific speed, compared with flexible, compared with the physical strength, we have very big disadvantage. However, the goal is fixed, no matter is flexible, no matter is fast, no matter the physical strength is much good. Their goals always score points, always scores point, this goal is fixed.”
Hears Wood to result in the view, the Harry three people are also at present one bright. They read so many GUI wonderful related books recently, did not look that white/in vain, what naturally can see Wood to say is right. No matter Skye Bring had many advantages, their goals score points finally, is the goal.
“If we and Skye Bring attack, our disadvantage is very obvious. We cannot snatch them, we cannot defend them, we could not endure them.” Wood was saying unceasingly the disadvantage of team, is not impatient.
He for several days impatient too multiple, anxious too multiple, but he has thought of the means now, “, but we can concentrate on the defense, we defend in the goal key position, we defend there. Runs they, we do not run. Without them is flexible, we do not compare flexibly. Without them is lasting, we do not attack.”
Wood more said that the eye is brighter, as he just oneself narration, deeply understood that own tactic, “our called the prisoner's cage tactic, no matter Skye Bring this snake had the big advantage, we can close them with the basket. We defend, even if cannot score points, still makes them unable to score points, finally...”
Wood looked at the eye to Harry, in the eye was the flame of burning hot, he extended both hands, patted on Harry's shoulder, “finally, our looking players, Harry Potter will hold the golden cat burglar, then we will win the competition.”
Harry is also in ray greatly hold, he has completed this to plan, “I will hold the golden cat burglar, we will win the competition.”
Wood is one trains crazily, is a tactic is crazy, is a team leader who has the GUI wonderful frantic soul. When he found the means of dealing, found tactic that needs to train, he acted immediately. He lets Harry and he acts separately, calls all teammates, they have rested for several days, this/should they acted.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 109 hopes pins on Harry also by Wood infects vigorously and resolutely, he also had oneself dealing let alone, Wood's plan is his dealing happens to hold the same view. When all fighting spirits, all hearts, toward cause together, what difficulty but also there is able to baffle them?

Afternoon field carpet of green grass, breeze as before, solar not big time, the field always makes people think refreshing.
Georgian sweet orchid smell many team members arrived at the lounge, after Wood everyone arrives in full, starts to explain the tactic to everyone.
“In other words, my following duty, will become the impregnable bastion, protects our goal firmly.” Red be ready to fight is saying, “I like this tactic, how sweeps away the Big Dipper, compared with me quickly how, so long as I keep off before their bodies, they have no way through my defense absolutely.”
“Broom cannot compare them, but will defend me not to lose to them.” Angelina appears high-spirited, excited saying.
“We have wasted for several days, today starts to train.” Ellie is somewhat impatient, rested for many days, she compels not anxiously must meet the challenge.
“I must make them know, GUI wonderful competition, compared with may, not only broom.” Key is pinching the double fist, even Skye Bring better broom, better advantage. But they had looked for the countermeasure, they can Jeanne Caitlin hold the best light wheel 2001, welcomed the utter failure.
“That.” Wood takes the lead in arriving at side Harry, “we will become your powerful backing, becomes your impregnable bastion. Our Jeanne Caitlin will not score points, will not make them disturb you.”
The twin brothers, Angelina, Ellie and Key also walked, they encircle before Harry body, “please use our strengths, making us defeat Skye Bring together, won the competition together.”
Harry thought that the eye socket is somewhat moist, this is the GUI wonderful competition that he likes, he competition of deep love, “we will defend Skye Bring truly, we will hold the golden cat burglar, we will win the competition.”
Georgian sweet orchid smell many team members stepped the field finally, previous time their dingy left, but was quick the fighting spirit full return.
Flint, March, Skye Bring's several players is also waiting for them in the field, wants to continue to look at standard sweet orchid smell many jokes.
“This is not the previous time has not had breakfast, flees in horror standard sweet orchid smell many team members?” Flint face gloomy and cold saying, the body also brings the Skye Bring's unique arrogance.
“Now has not arrived at has dinner the time, I think that they must have dinner quickly hungrily.” Male Phuchoa a lot of time was looking for Harry they, had not been finding the person, afterward heard they arrived at the field, this caught up.
Wood goes forward one step, kept off before Flint body, “heard that your tactics did call not to have the tactic?” Present Wood, is not several days ago Wood. Previous he does not know how to deal with the Skye Bring's seven coronas 2001. Previous he does not know how to deal with Skye Bring's rapidness, is more flexible, is more lasting.
But now, he knew, he thought of the means. Even if they are in an inferior position, but they have the means that they are fearless,
Flint eyes reveal is ominous light/only, glowering, “we are powerful enough, we do not have to resist, we are doomed to win, our tactics are powerful.”
“Our tactics are powerful ....” Skye Bring's player cheers, they had experienced the great strength of new broom for several days, experienced new broom in addition to hold their powerful. They compared with other teams, are quicker, is more flexible, is more lasting.
“Their tactics called, broom tactic.” Fred elongated the intonation, causes one to laugh boisterously.
To their seven coronas 2001 have the complaint may, not only the standard sweet orchid smell are many, Hatch Patch, Latin Crowd's team members,
For these days was also bullied by their brooms a lot. “The wail of defeat dog is nothing unusual, perhaps is holding own broom, sob heartily can make you feel better.” March is curling upwards the chin, the high-pitched and fine voice called out, Skye Bring's players follow dissolutely is laughing.
“I start, thinks not to have the means that only then exchanges a better broom. Can defeat is quicker, is more flexible, more lasting opponent. I even want the passing mutual aid association taking advantage of the money, to buy several good points brooms. Looks in schoolmate's share, they will perhaps give me the low interest.”
Wood's voice is very firm and resolute, but was saying the words, touch people. He really deeply loves the GUI wonderful competition very much, really deeply loves own team very much.
“That is your only choices, what a pity your name cannot borrow that the money.” March is saying humorously, causes Skye Bring's one to laugh.
The Georgian sweet orchid smell are many, Hatch Patch, Latin Crowd's players somewhat stunned is looking at Wood. They have not never tried to find this solution, since the Skye Bring's seven coronas 2001 appear, since their rapid grows stronger after the broom.
Each team had complained at heart in hand obsolete broom, they know one broom can bring the big advantage, will make them in the competition stronger.
“But I do not think now, our not need better broom.” Wood now became different, he was not divulged in the fear tactic, where he knew the advantage of own team. It is not afraid the tactical exposition like Skye Bring, because their enough, the advantage is big enough.
Wood raised the voice, the sound because of raising becomes somewhat hoarse, the face also became flushed, he is shouting loudly, “our tactics are called the prisoner's cage tactic, no matter your snakes have the big advantage. We will close you with the basket. We do not compete the speed, does not compete flexibly, does not compete lastingly. We compete the defense, even if cannot score points, still makes you unable to score points, finally...”
“Finally, our looking players, Harry Potter will hold the golden cat burglar, then we will win the competition.”
Does not compete the speed, does not compete flexibly, does not compete lastingly, but competes the defense. If oneself cannot score points, makes the opponent unable to score points. Finally, makes the looking players of team hold the golden cat burglar, won competition.
Latin Crowd and Hatch Patch's player, hear Wood's tactic, is the eye one bright, looking pensive. In this case, Skye Bring's the advantages of seven brooms limiting, the key of competition, turned into looked for the showdown between players.
Looking for the player is in a team the most important role, in the middle of all teams, looks for the speed of player is quickest, the broom also absolutely is best.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


When the Chapter 110 unyielding will the result of team competition falls in looked for on the player, the advantages of Skye Bring seven brooms are very difficult to display. Looks for the showdown between players, naturally cannot be sweeps away the Big Dipper and light wheel 2001 ratios fights. The looking players of various schools have the broom that and light wheel 2000 performance are close, even if cannot compare Skye Bring's broom, could not miss many.

Without the steamroll advantage of flying broom, the team members of other schools has enough confidence to own looking player. In this case, even if loses, still only blames the strength being insufficient, but will not be thinking that is completely the issue of broom.
Thinks of here, Latin Crowd and Hatch Patch's some team member meanings move, some had even been discussing with oneself teammate, must not tell in field teammate good news.
Flint eyeball rotation, the look is uncertain, cannot think that Wood this fellow, suddenly really found out the means of limiting their advantage. Flint as the team leader of Skye Bring's such strong team, naturally is not the common people.
He after the team obtained seven coronas 2001, immediately finds out this display team biggest advantage “powerful tactic”, how now will unable to see, standard sweet orchid smell many fools truly think good means that this will let them the invincible advantage, significantly weakens.
Flint maintains composure, said loudly, “I also think you really have any good way, but is the turtle tactic. Carries on the back your numerous tortoiseshells, in obedient retracting hole, but also really conforms to your abilities and images.”
“Hahn, retracts in your holes, the turtle also wants to win the victory.” Member dissolute emanation of Skye Bring's smiles strangely, standard sweet orchid smell many tactics were really ugly.
The Georgian sweet orchid smell are many, Latin Crowd, Hatch Patch's team members pinched tightly the fist. This tactic aims at Skye Bring's broom advantage, the biggest displayed the will of coordination and player of one's own side, copes with the Skye Bring's broom tactic the best way. But what some only everyone heart sorrows is, like Skye Bring sees, this tactic was too ugly.
Does not attack, does not compete the speed, does not compete flexibly, enables however to limit Skye Bring's broom advantage. But to finally, competed the defense, the competition turns into other person of more than ten people to buy the soy sauce, finally asked the player to go all out in that side, such competition, but was seriously unattractive.
Wood spent so many times to find out this tactic, how can also not prepare, he has thought that the means of dealing with Skye Bring this ridicule, “!” He sends out one to smile strangely, “Skye Bring of broom tactic, started to fear our tactics.”
“Broom tactic is a good tactic, the speed to be seriously quicker, is more flexible, is more lasting. I make a bet, without any other tactics can exceed this broom tactic that spends money to pile.” In Wood eyes the god light flash shrinks, actually praised Skye Bring's broom tactic wantonly, this Jeanne Caitlin team members were shocked.
Flint complexion sinks, has known that Wood's plan, thinks that our superior exaggerating saying, later lost is not so embarrassed? Even was also planning holds high us, falls sorely. Really naive.
We are Skye Bring, our only goals only then win. You think that your Wood will become my opponent? Is completely mistaken, our Skye Bring's goal always only then wins, in our eyes does not have the opponent.
Really, a Wood voice revolution, the sound is passing severe cold, “I will make you know, GUI wonderful competition, compared with may, not only broom. No matter your broom tactics powerful, is invincible, we will make you hold the best light wheel 2001, welcomed the most utter failure.”
Wood raises both hands, shouted loudly, “ broom tactic could not defeat the true GUI wonderful player forever, could not prevent the GUI wonderful player fearless will. When some people hope that beats us with the aid of the broom tactic, we will make them experience to anything are the true GUI wonderful competition,
We will make them suffer the most deeply grieved failure. “ “...” Wood's imposing manner aroused the standard sweet orchid smell to be many, will that Latin Crowd, Hatch Patch shared a common hatred, everyone sent out momentous shouting loudly.
Everyone thinks, the frank and upright competition, we can frank and upright losing. But wants to crash us with the advantage of broom? We draw together ugly you, draws the muddy land, making the advantage of your broom unable to display, but must make you suffer the most deeply grieved failure.
Flint looks at sharing a common hatred of three schools, cannot bear somewhat annoyed, is not a turtle, but was three turtles. Although he has not thought that the opposite party turns into three turtles to exceed them, but this is not he wants, Skye Bring had such big advantage, what need is the carefree victory, pinnacle steamroll. Has won three turtles, this is not the wonderful matter.
Skye Bring also had other players to think, under the high calls of three schools, Skye Bring fell into at once quietly.
Looks that the Skye Bring's silent three school fighting spirits were higher, cheers wave after wave.
“Let alone is the turtle tactic, even if you at the competition, really put on the tortoiseshell, cannot escape the destiny of loss.” Flint is not good to cope, how to be really frightened by an exquisite tactic, the competition must look at the strength after all.
“Hope when the time comes, the tortoiseshell can hide losing that you lose the game.” Flint sees Skye Bring Team, had aroused sharing a common hatred of other three fool schools, at this time on the mouth could not have asked for the advantage, decisive leads the player to leave.
Skye Bring's changing room, Flint has not forgotten, before leaving, gives everyone to encourage, “opponents from the fool, turned into the turtle, this is not one is joyful the matter.”
Skye Bring's player laughs, talking in whispers, “turtle eventually is only the turtle, no matter is difficult to nip the turtle.” In they for these days, taking advantage of the advantage of broom, flew in the training, profited greatly. Now the opponents finally found dealt with their means that this is not wonderful, but also has nothing fearfully.
Flint is wielding the arm, hinting everyone is peaceful, “must say, they are not quite stupid, the turtle tactic truly can limit our advantages.” The present is the tactic of team discussed, naturally like the opponent front, will not occupy on the mouth with the trash words purely the small advantage, Flint first acknowledged the effectiveness of turtle tactic.
Skye Bring's team member starts to whisper, the turtle tactic is effective, but also that is all. The effective tactic are many, each tactic has own advantage, the disadvantage. Even the effective tactic, can still find the means of dealing with.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 111 despicable Skye Bring “first, had nothing saying that we will certainly win.” Flint regarding this without a doubt, in fact last year time, if not for the baud luck is good, they will make sweet orchid smell many, welcome the failure for the eighth consecutive year.

“Last year time, a baud luck is good, holds the golden cat burglar continuously, but he will not have such good luck this year.” Skye Bring's team member, to own team powerful is also confident.
They had previously practiced winning many years, no matter in GUI wonderful, is the school cup, they are champions continuously.
“This year, we obtained a bigger advantage, our goals are to not only win, must win attractively.” Flint can in Skye Bring's such strong team, become the team leader of team, naturally has the convincing ability.
He cannot the physique tall and strong, the skill in ball games is adept, utilizes the tactic, resorts to all means that one pattern after another. At this time an open the mouth, is scheduled the champion, everyone from the idea of victory and loss, how towed to win attractively. All of a sudden, the players from respond to the challenge of turtle tactic passively, the transformation, for how initiative won attractively.
All of a sudden the fighting spirit of player not only becomes soaring, the mentality widened, immediately some people reply, “turtle does not have the shortcoming, the standard sweet orchid smell has three female players much, obviously their tortoiseshells are not very hard.”
He is Terence Higgins, is Skye Bring Team previous looking player. As once team core, he was not the common people, immediately thinks, found the breach from Georgian sweet orchid smell many three female players.
Had Higgins's reminder, other Skye Bring is also inspired, pursue Designs Pu says immediately, “what champion looked was the total score, wants to pick 1-2 golden cat burglars by the luck, won the competition, that was daydreams.”
With suggesting plans of players, Skye Bring like provoked the thought that one found out various strangeness, even does not fold the method the means.
Including, but not limited, installs the sheet iron in the clothes, to walking randomly the ball adds on the spell... the defense time runs upon the opposite party, putting the blame on will defend in the opposite party excessively, slow movement.
At once Skye Bring popular feeling running high, one's blood bubbles up to the brim, even has been able help to put out the magic wand, must go to the arena to go all out one.
Flint looks at the spirited fighting spirit of team members, is confident, removes sounds not too credible method. Opens up the perspective from opposite party team frail female player there, the accumulation total score advantage, uses dashing reasonably, these are very effective, very powerful means. Had these means that even if the opposite party uses the turtle tactic, finally will also only collapse completely.
It seems ignominious as for these methods, bullies the female student, attacks the schoolmate, confusing right and wrong, will be mean. That was really good, these Skye Bring liked.
To in this Caitlin, can after defeating the opponent, accepting the opponent is mean, the shameless praise, that is to the Skye Bring best praise. Only is thinks that these win the later glory and praise, Skye Bring's team members were soaring on the interest.
“Is this, we are in the school the true powerhouse, we are in the school the most powerful team.” Skye Bring's players have started to shout loudly.
They want, is not only the victory, wanted is the steamroll -type victory, wanted is the despicable victory. Does not cultivate the behavior despicable, with salt fish what strange/different? They have even wanted to start to celebrate to win ahead of time.
“Although the baud truly is a good looking player.” Flint saw everyone to be much happier, prepared cold water, losing, although was impossible. But won attractively, won despicable, must add diligently.
“But our goals were to win each competition, therefore any golden cat burglar, should time in our hands.” Flint looked at March, this new looking player, brought was not only seven coronas 2001.
He is also a wise flier, calm mind, flexible body, excellent speed. “That is natural, the baud will not have any opportunity, in my hands snatches the golden cat burglar.” Even schoolmate who March faces Skye Bring, is a face is still arrogant.
The baud catches his revealing something that gives one away, he had found the origin of baud their confidence.
Previously, March until leaving the field, had not found with the opportunity of baud alone speech, no opportunity drew out their ways from their mouth.
But March does not mind these, matter is developing like he expects. Why does he want to buy seven coronas 2001 for Skye Bring? To not let other teams is unable to deal, finally can only all hopes, place catches above the golden cat burglar as soon as possible.
Now the standard sweet orchid smell were many, has one to cope with their broom advantage specially the turtle tactic. Although this will make the advantage of their team change is small, but the advantage throughout is the advantage, the final victory and defeat must hand over after all looks for on the player.
But this is he deliberately promotes, he must by one's effort, the result of complete decision entire competition. He is confident to himself, he is also more confident to oneself broom.
The turtle tactic that although three schools probably adopt, will make the competition ugly. So long as wins, all honors belong to the winner, so long as wins, all ugly performances on in addition in the defeated.
“No matter how they struggle, exhausts the method, finally only then loses thoroughly, defeats cleanly.” March was not worried oneself will lose to the looking players of other teams, he has become and last year is different. Now he is very powerful, the keen sense, the calm spirit, the powerful intuition, the best broom, these establish the victory that he was doomed.
“Only what needs to consider, the baud gained what advantage from George there.” March is not worried about the baud, does not dread the baud, he was worried dreads always only has George Solos.
Although cannot obtain the information from baud there directly, but with the aid of the existing information, continuously removes the plan and contrast, slowly will be close to the true answer. But in lounge these days, as the team members found on the means of accusative sweet orchid smell mufti- turtle tactic, he also found. The confidence origin baud
“Standard sweet orchid smell many have decided to use the turtle tactic, on the tactic and broom do not have the question again.” March removed previously gave the standard sweet orchid smell scheduled plan, then truth, be only, why “baud thinks that can exceed me? The self-confidence of except that blind not having known, what will also have to depend on? Equipment, tactic, spell?”
Removed the equipment, removed the tactic, remaining only had the spell, March had guessed correctly what baud depending on was what spell.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 112 Korean March “eagle-eyed technique” is mutual aid association's unique spell, but it is not in fact secret. Especially when this spell, can utilize above watching the GUI wonderful competition.

Has this magic most to receive promotion of widespread movement the person likes, in addition the mutual aid association does not plan to hide this spell. Many professors and students use oneself some attainments and collections, exchanged this spell in the mutual aid association.
First saw person who this spell hides the value, is not March, but is his father Lucius. As a wise politician, a wise intriguer. His eyes can see this detection magic, the biggest significance, is not used to watch the bored GUI wonderful competition.
An effective detection magic, can find ahead of time the magic of opponent, its significance is strategic. As a powerful black sorcerer, a high level of food dead disciple. Lucius naturally can know that can discover the enemy ahead of time, has how great significance to the fight.
Lucius not only made March trade “eagle-eyed technique” trial to improve the eagle-eyed technique from the mutual aid association.
March believes, as the inventor of eagle-eyed technique, George definitely has enters the step the eagle-eyed technique, even can let Potter in the eagle-eyed technique that on the broom uses.
“Since the baud can obtain the step eagle-eyed technique in George there, I naturally.” March is confident to this, he more dreads George, more will understand him.
He can see George is not only a learned Latin Crowd, he also has Skye Bring's same resolute, in order to reach the goal, even can trade with the devil.
March naturally is not a devil, he is certainly easier to do with George, in fact he has gained many advantages from George there.
Moreover, he also believes, George also obtained many advantages from his there.
Because of like People like George, will never put in great inconvenience to itself, got on well with others by oneself. Even he is much more powerful, he does not have many friends in Latin Crowd.
March has suspected George in school, will add on a confusion incantation on oneself, with the aim of making others not driving to flatter him.
If not for his complaint enough depth to baud, he is very difficult to think oneself will go to and such a person on own initiative maintains the relations. Even teaches, he has no interest in going to the initiative understanding.
Since has determined, baud depending on is the eagle-eyed technique, remaining dealing, the nature is easy. March has thought that obtained the means of step eagle-eyed technique from George hand, he only needs with the baud in a level line, believes oneself will not lose to the baud.
As for depending on baud unexpectedly is not the words of eagle-eyed technique, then the stupid baud only will lose quickly. March has been able to think oneself on flying broom, uses the eagle-eyed technique, is competing a beginning, scene of standard sweet orchid smell mufti- shattering to pieces.
................
In another side, standard sweet orchid smell many players, had started the new school year's first GUI wonderful training.
This is not easy, the new tactic looks very beautiful, but does is not relaxed.
The ballgame of hemp melon world, has a maxim to be called, “attack won the score, the defense won the competition.”
Two teams attack mutually seemingly splendidly peerless, falls over one another. But to too quickly, all energy places in the attack, the intensity that is doomed to defend will certainly fall.
This is not only the good deed, is the misdemeanor, the drop of defensive intensity, to both sides of attack is the same. Their attacks are smoother, their defensive loopholes are also more. Attack of both sides will be full, more hits is smoother, the state of mind will be getting better and better. The actual consumption, the resembles will not instead concentrate on the defense is so big.
The players who when train, concentrate on the defense truly, they know why said the defense won the competition.
Because this was too difficult, each attack was stopped up in the half, every vented one time,
Such as wishbone in throat. Once the speed falls, by GUI wonderful competition of ornamental win, becomes exceptionally ugly. He keen No scratched the head, somewhat helpless saying, “they like a dull football competition, the entire process from athletics of extreme velocity, turn into moving of small range now. Ball unceasing spreading around, some people will actually never score points.”
Owen somewhat is also discouraged, he has not seen is so ugly, such deeply worried GUI wonderful competition, “has saying that this is really a bit like the turtle tactic. The high-speed sprint, has not had the attractive maneuver, defends completely, the defense, defends again.”
Although the audience becomes some is not unsatisfied, thought that the competition is suddenly unattractive. The player but who takes part in the training did not think so, especially Latin Crowd and Hatch Patch's some team members.
They saw the actual result of this tactic clearly, the advantage of broom definitely are unable to manifest, without high-speed sprint, without attractive maneuver, would have no light wheel 2001 steamroll.
Everyone thinks is, “then Skye Bring's broom tactic was really limited.”
Wood also seems exceptionally excited, the training like he thinks, powerful defense that organizing of small range, victory this prisoner's cage tactic on dependent will bring much, to the oppression of spiritual and will is obvious.
The advantage of broom was fallen lowly, but the tacit understanding of will and player seems especially important, but this is they excel.
He flies, while shouts, “right, is this, tightens the defense, strengthens the oppression. We are the impregnable bastion, we are the prisoner's cage prisons. All opponents are unable to resist our wills, all opponents are unable to resist our tacit understanding.”
Fred also likes this tactic, currently will not have the person, can bully his sweeping away Big Dipper with the speed of broom. Even he can with oneself flexibility, oneself defense oppress the opponent.
Harry erect in upper air, experiments is using the eagle-eyed technique on the broom. However, is very obvious, he has achieved nothing, this regarding him of second grade, was really difficult. However, is good because of time also enough many, present he is at least confident.
Once the people bustle about, the time crosses fast. Anxious made one experience one day like a year later, but when you most lack the time, it actually looks like the most brutal sentimental swindler, you're throwing easily behind.
Unknowingly, began school already for a month, at this time had arrived in October/ten months. Weather slightly cool, the moisture and chill in the air, have followed the north wind to arrive at the school, and brings the typhus and cold.
Head nurse Madame Pang Lula has to manufacture the stimulation medicament massively, this medicament were poured into the throat of sick student, they, ear unceasing belching smoke, finally suddenly will be in the following several hours good. Recently even In Ni Wesley got sick, was forced to drink some incitantias by his Elder Brother Percy.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 113 Harry's gloomy mood

However, the effect of incitantia is not quite as if effective to her, under her bright red hair emits the steam unceasingly, entire head like catching fire.
Does not have the time to look at her regarding Harry, everyone some are unsatisfied.
However, Harry truly was very recently busy, although more often, he cannot go busily.
Olive Wood's hope to GUI wonderful competition victory, can never weaken with the time, only becomes with the time stronger. He is holding the GUI wonderful training regularly, the training of prisoner's cage tactic is very smooth, but very intensive training almost makes everyone unable to endure. Is good because to Skye Bring's hostility, is not willing to lose to the light wheel 2001 complaints to support them.
Pea-sized raindrop, hitting on the tall wall of castle, has been linking several days of rain. In disaster after disaster, the whole body is wet, leads a Harry Potter of mud, just ended the GUI wonderful training.
His is not quite happy, the progress of eagle-eyed technique is very slow, even these days, he has been grasping the time practice frequently. But the time is too short, is too short.
From the sky displays the spell, especially does not draw support from the magic wand, displays a spell in the upper air, this is difficult. His successful number of times is few, but time that the incantation continues, is short can ignore.
Is good because, teammates the effect of prisoner's cage tactical training is striking. Also, because of this, Harry even trains each time does not need with the teammate together, but he still took part in the training of each time team on time, in all weather.
He is walking toward the dormitory, above the corridor of nobody left, seeing some people just and he is equally worried. It is not right, does not have the person, but is has ghosted and he is equally worried.
Georgian sweet orchid smell many spirits, “almost do not have” Nick is looking at the raindrop that out of the window lightly is draininging melancholy, at this time its mood also like this rainwater, hitting that lightly draining on its heart, its mouth muttered low voice, “... misses half inch, actually does not meet their requirements, almost, if...”
Melancholy person Harry saw, melancholy cleverness, rarely seen, Harry greets, “hello/you good, Nick.”
“... Hello, Harry.” Almost does not have Nick of head to have a scare by sudden Harry, on this day air/I time. Let alone the person, the ghosts cannot see, Harry braves suddenly, is really even the ghosts can have a scare.
Almost does not have Nick of head to turn around to see Harry, it received a transparent ghost special-purpose letter/believes, hid in the underwear pocket, asked that “did you have the concern probably? Baud.”
“No, worrying matter about competition. You look have the concern.” Harry first disclosed oneself concern, is then asking Nick.
Almost does not have Nick of head to lift a hand, weak putting down, somewhat said discouraged, “I am also, although do not participate..., but I think I can apply..., but they also said that I do not meet the condition.”
Its tone some do not care, but on the face shows the uncomfortable expression.
“You figure out.” It is unbearably angry finally, took from the pocket the envelope, “on a neck by an obtuse are, was cut 44 spirits, is qualified for participating in the headless hunter team?”
“UN- has.” Harry natural agrees.
Almost without Nick of head, excited in brandished begins the letter/believes, being angry is saying, “who did not say that I anybody hope that this matter was neater, hopes my head was cut off thoroughly. This will make me be exempt from the pain, will not be teased, is they unexpectedly...”
Almost did not have Nick of head to take the faith, “our headless hunter team, only accepted the hunter who the head and body divided family property completely. You need to know, if not, the member has no way to participate in the top of the head ball and horse long hair combed straight back this class hunter team moves. Therefore, I very regrettable informs you, your condition does not conform to our standards. Sent regards to you, Patrick German-Polish demon mister”
Almost does not have Nick of head panting in indignation returned to the clothes the letter/believes stopper, “a wee bit skins and muscles are linking my neck, others think that this with falling the head was the same. But this is not good, in falls in the German-Polish demon mister eye of head thoroughly, this is insufficient, this does not conform to the standard.”
Vented one almost does not have Nick of head, how many deep breath made, although will not have the air to come out from his body, but he truly controlled oneself mood, “that baud, your matter of competition how? Can I be able to help?”
“Good intention thank you.” Harry flexure head, “I want not to have the method, only if you can know where from can cause seven free coronas 2001, like this my teammate can resist Skye .....”
“Meow-” Harry is speaking, the foot suddenly resounds a sharp grating cry, frightens his one to tremble.
He is sideways to look, two fearful yellow eyes like light bulb, is a thin bone Lin ugly Grey cat. It called Madame Liz, was the school gatekeeper Fermi's pet, has been helping repugnant Fermi endless and student fought.
“You must first walk, Harry.” Nick looked around, anxious saying, “Fermi is sad, he got the cold, runs into several versions, wipes the frog brain fluid on the ceiling of underground classroom. He spent entire one to flush the ceiling in the morning, now a lot of anger, he if came out to see your muddy water, going crazy that can be mad.”
“You said is very right, I should walk.” Harry is saying, while is looking around the escaping route. But he was late one step.
Between Fermi and this repugnant cats, have the mysterious relation probably. The cat, the cat called the person, Harry did not have the starting to walk step with enough time, he has suddenly appeared behind a tapestry. Breathing heavily that he pants, goes crazy must hold to have person who violates the school regulation. On his head is a check scarf, reddening all over the face does not know that which are because of the cold, which are because angry.
“Dirty thing.” He is screaming loudly, is pointing at Harry. Also, does not know that is saying Harry, said the mud and rainwater on Harry GUI wonderful uniform again, or both are.
His eye rouses like Madame Liz astonishing, the face high quality meat of becoming flushed is shivering, “dirty thing, the dirty thing, everywhere is the dirty thing. Everywhere is the mess, I received enough, these damn things.” He turns around to hint Harry to follow him, the angry step inner tube meat is also shivering.
A Harry face depressed with almost does not have Nick of head to wave goodbye, follows in repugnant Fermi behind, to leave behind one string of muddy by far the footprint.
Harry first time office that comes Fermi, but comes here student to abhor here unfortunately. The room is dim, airtight, only then a tattered oil lamp dangles from the low ceiling, in the air is always inundating light fish fishy smell.
(To be continued.) Looks for the home station to search “" or the input website:


Chapter 114 Fermi's secret

All around is rows of wood/blockhead filing cabinets, is putting by the wall. Harry knows, what in these filing cabinets puts is Fermi has punished the detail of student. Twin brothers' material occupied a giant drawer. On Fermi desk back wall, but also hangs one set of brand-new shining handcuff and fetters also to have the hinge this class torture instrument.
As we all know, Fermi often requested Professor Dumbledore, hopes that the professor allowed him to dump with the fetters the student, hung upside down them on the ceiling.
If possible, he hangs upside down the student after the ceiling, he also wants to continue to torture to the students. Perhaps lets blood, perhaps is other anything.
Although Dumbledore has not agreed temporarily, but Fermi painstakingly has been maintaining oneself torture instrument, scratches them shiny. Waits for day to apply, in entire room, only clean bright eye also this set of torture instrument.
Harry does not know Dumbledore, why will allow in the school to have such place. He does not know why outside does not permit Fermi of dirty thing, will make own office like the junks pile dirty and chaotic. However, he knows, this time he looked like must have bad luck.
On a Fermi's has grasped a feather pen from desk pen container, drags the foot to turn in the chaotic room looks for the parchment.
“Damn.” He is angry, “frog brain fluid... the mouse intestines... give a tongue-lashing the big crying baby who makes noise .... I enough... the student, only then died is the taste that the good student... I to make them remember make mistakes... the form... I need the form...”
His rummages through chests and cupboards, finally found the parchment in the desk, unfolds the parchment, takes the long feather pen, he dipped the ink, starts to write.
“Criminal: Harry Potter... crime:...”
“Little mud.” Harry is also annoyed, he trains the little mud, he after the corridor, this matter was treated as the criminal to treat by Fermi let alone.
“You only see are the little mud, you only see certainly the little dirty thing.” Fermi's voice enhances the intonation character by character, the sound from is speaking daily, enhances to shout loudly.
“But I, I need to scour, with that damn cleaning rag, with that damn towel, my his mother must be busy on for one hour.” Fermi's cry in airtight room like using amplifying spell, expression that he twists, revolting, on the nose point is vibrating drop of disgusting nasal mucus.
“Crime: Tarnish castle... punishment suggestion...”
Fermi attracts the nasal mucus that flowed, narrows the eye, the ominous light reveals completely, looks at Harry wickedly.
In Fermi is just about to start to write, on the ceiling of office transmits a loud sound suddenly, “!” Does the worn-out oil lamp was shaken sway.
“Ghost, day killing ghost!” Under Fermi gets angry loudly exclaims, is furious, ruthlessly pounds toward the table on the feather pen. “This time I must hold you, I will not let off you absolutely!”
Ghost is in the school concentrates on the ghost of practical joke, all day is launching and joking, runs muck. It always from the sky leaps up, causes trouble everywhere, continually makes the disaster and misfortune.
Harry always does not like ghost, but this time he thanks ghost heartfelt, this time it makes the time, ghost shifted from Fermi's attention him.
Ghost this time as if destroyed a very big thing, hopes that this can make Fermi not have the thoughts to care about him. Best they to hit, hits is heavily engaged, hits mixes the darkness place, like this he can take advantage to run away quietly randomly.
But now, Harry thought that temporarily can only wait for Fermi to come back, present calamity also being insufficient makes Fermi forget his matter.
By a Harry's sat on desk swaying chair, on the table fills in except for his to half of forms, other things. A drum the thick purple envelope, above is printing the silver typeface, Harry careful shot a look at one toward the entrance, Fermi also not like the appearance that must come back.
He takes up the envelope, above writes, fast chanting incantations magic crossing the threshold extension course. Harry is somewhat puzzled, has not heard curriculum.
He opened the envelope, inside is a parchment. On the paper p. 1 is printing the silver decorated letter:
Do you be not able to keep up with the rhythm of modern magic world worry? Haven't you for been performing the simple magic to look for the excuse? Were you still being ridiculed because of the inferior magic wand technology?
Then you need it, chanted incantations to chant incantations to chant incantations fast to be easily ease-to-learn absolutely safe and fast amazingly quick effectively and fast. Brand-new curriculum, the service of heart and soul, gold medal teacher, diamond professor. A Hundred and a thousand of sorcerer students, the curriculum that from chanted incantations fast have changed the life, changed the destiny.
Holds Pusan the letter of youthful student: “ I always cannot remember these incantations, these demon medicines that I mix were also teased by the whole family. Now, after chanted incantations fast a practice of semester curriculum, I used the spell to turn their punching ruthlessly, I can have one's wish now, used all magics in the house.
Tilts Blurry's the letter of causing trouble fine student: “My wife has ridiculed in the past my inferior magic skill, said I am stupid look like a yak. But after a month of fast chanting incantations training class study, I turned into a yak that she succeeded! Then she did not say that I was stupid.”
Harry was also attracted by this wonderful message, he points at lightly, careful is glancing through in the envelope other parchment. Why does Fermi want to go to this fast chanting incantations training class? Isn't he a normal sorcerer?
Said that Harry has not really seen Fermi to use the spell, he scours the floor, cleans up completely with the cleaning rag, the towel, broom these things. Arranges the student to scour the work, is forbids them to use the magic. Previously everyone recognized that he had the special problem, words that now looks like, or didn't he have the ability to clean up with the magic simply?
Harry sized up the Fermi this dirty, disorderly broken office, the nod, has this possibility secretly very much. He looks down the content on parchment, “the first class: Uses some advice of magic wand”, outside hears trod the sound of footsteps suddenly. Was Fermi comes back.
He hurries the stopper to return to the envelope the parchment, throws on the table, he just completed this movement, the gate opens.
Appearance that Fermi had the big harvest, “that disappearance cabinet is precious.” He cannot repress oneself excitement, was saying to Madame Liz, “then we can make that repugnant ghost get the hell out from the school finally, dear.”
His vision falls on Harry, suddenly thought of anything, immediately has a big shock look at that fast chanting incantations envelope. Harry also follows to discover, it puts the position on table now, deviated the original place to be two feet fully, “was finished.” Harry's complexion also ugly.
(To be continued.) Looks for the home station to search “" or the input website:


Chapter 115 death anniversary party

Fermi he is excited, his pale face rises red. Harry lowers the head, is waiting for his rage. Fermi arrived by the table lamely, the working envelope ruthlessly, threw into the drawer it.
“Do you have- did you peep?” He was anxious and anger, speaking incoherently is saying.
“No!” Harry replied without hesitation.
Fermi twists two ugly hands key makes noise, is angry seems like must wrench apart the neck of person, “, if I discovered that you peep my personal... not, this is not my, this is I for a friend..., whether my......”
Harry guards against violent anger Fermi to plunge him carefully suddenly, he prepares turn tail at any time, he has not seen Fermi to be like this angry, he was thrown trash by ghost when the head is angrier, but also is fearful.
His eye soon exploded, twitching that the meat on cheeks non-stop, is the check scarf on neck soon is risen the thick neck to push by him, even if he at this time sticks out suddenly the murder, Harry does not find it strange.
“Good... walks... do not divulge a character... I to mean..., since, if you have not peeped .... You walk, I must write the ghost report... to walk...”
Harry cannot believe simply, Fermi's action compared with throws to massacre him directly, but also is inconceivable. But he responds immediately, flew also to resemble to run the office, broke through a corridor, arrived in the building, he catches one's breath.
Without was punished to escape from Fermi's office unexpectedly, this can break the record of school simply.
It seems like, he as if discovered Fermi's big secret, but his a wee bit threatens Fermi's idea not to have, “he wishes one could to massacre me certainly, but he definitely also runs I.”
“Harry! You well? This effective?” Almost does not have Nick of head suddenly after a door put on. Harry is seeing it behind, many black and golden fragment, but also before can see, is a cabinet, but has fallen now pulpy.
“I instigate ghost to pound the cabinet in the top of Fermi Office, I think that this can shift Fermi's attention.” Nick previously saw Harry to be seized by Fermi, was worried that this care own little fellow was maltreated by Fermi, therefore instigated ghost to create a confusion, broke through to Harry.
“, Is you.” A Harry gratitude, no wonder ghost makes is the time, originally is Nick is deliberately helping him, “was too effective, my penalty not. Escapes is not easy from Fermi there. Too thanked you, Nick.”
Harry is walking, while said that plans to leave here as soon as possible. He notices, almost does not have Nick of head also to take of Mr. Patrick to refuse it to join the letter/believes of headless hunter.
“The matter about headless hunter team, what I can do for you?” Harry asked carefully, received Nick's help, he also hopes oneself can add on busy.
Almost did not have Nick of head to stop the footsteps immediately, “you truly can add on my busy.” It is saying excitedly, “Harry, can my request be somewhat excessive?- OK- perhaps you will not want.”
“Said that looks.” Harry's tranquil asking, helping definitely probably in one's power, not being able to achieve or is not convenient, that surely does not have the means.
“UN, is this year's Halloween is my 500-year-old death anniversary.” Almost did not have Nick of head to hesitate, told Harry, mentioned itself dead for 500 years, almost did not have Nick of head to support the chest, appeared the proud appearance.
“Oh!” Harry's careful responding, does not express any view. He does not know, regarding this matter, should display happily, is sad.
“I will hold a party in a spacious basement, the friend in invitation whole country. If you can participate, I will extremely be honored. Naturally, Mr. Wesley, Miss Grainier, they can be most popular. However, I guess that you definitely want to attend the evening banquet of school, not?”
Its anxious seat another face anticipates looks at Harry, without the living person will go to be willing to attend the meeting of deceased person, especially on the same day or the Halloween evening banquet of school.
“, I am not willing to attend your party.” Harry thought that this is not the too difficult matter, school Halloween evening banquet also has nothing special. He is always also worried when the time comes, on the ceiling is flying several thousand bats will lag behind big bunch of dirty things.
“Oh, that was good, my dear child. Harry Potter can attend my death anniversary party.” Nick seems very happy, it also never has the opportunity to invite the living person, attended its death anniversary party.
“If OK, you can say one to Mr. Patrick when the time comes, one. Said that you thought I am scary, making the person impression very profound, OK?” It is somewhat scruple, felt oneself should not request more, but cannot bear the anticipation.
“Sure.” Harry has not rejected, this was too simple, the evening banquet participated, let alone this slight effort.
Almost does not have Nick of head to show a face smile, follows Harry to return to the Georgian sweet orchid smell to be many. Until Harry cannot bear, making it do not continue to follow, it distant gazed after Harry to enter the lounge.
“Nick's death anniversary party?” He appears the interest in be very high sensitively, this strange scene she has not imagined, “I make a bet, few strangers have the opportunity to attend such party, this is definitely marvelous.”
This time Harry changed wet finally, GUI strange Khufu who stains the mud, wears the clean gown. Holds the steaming hot coffee, sat the common room. Side is his good friend, He sensitive Grainier and Owen Wesley.
“Why will some people celebrate the day that they died?” Owen appears some is not happy, he is doing the demon medicine class homework. Professor Shape to their work, will not tolerate a problem, except that He is sensitive, he and Harry are very difficult to attain the reasonable score in Shape's hand.
“To people died, to spirit, perhaps newborn.” He is saying sensitively with something else in mind, she is always curious about the marvelous matter. As for her demon medicine class work, has completed.
Even Shape, has no way to get a low score her work, because such in view of will seem extremely obvious. Shape because of hating Harry vents anger she, but also can only not ask her to answer the issue, but has no way, when she replied accurately did not award marks to her.
After all he wants some honors, naturally, if in view of Harry, Shape can not be concerned about face completely. He can unfounded work that Harry writes carefully, gets an unreasonable score. Can unfounded finds fault in the classroom, asked Harry some have not studied issue. Can unfounded satirized in the classroom, shames Harry.
(To be continued.) Looks for the home station to search “" or the input website:


Chapter 116 March became intelligent

Regarding this, He can only pay silent tribute for Harry sensitively. Was good has been used to it because of Harry, he also had to meet such pest, Vernon mother's sister's husband, Aunt, the cousin has reached the strength, in the school also had March, Shape and Fermi.
In his life filled such pest, he has long known that the life cannot be always happy. If really some day everyone no longer hated him, he will instead think that such world was not completely real.
Out of the window heavy rain as before, the dark piece of vault of heaven, from the upper air unceasing splash ink, just like the pandemonium, presses the person not to gasp for breath.
The Harry hurried revolutions glances at the light, in the room is one piece bright cheerful, the fire is sparkling one after another soft armchair. Georgian sweet orchid smell many schoolmates sit are chatting, does the homework, a piece is peaceful and auspicious.
Fred is studying, if feeds some to pull out the smoke and fire to the hot lizard with effort, will have what consequence. He has not planned to make any protective measure, after all everyone is a sorcerer, so long as does not die, delivers to the medical office to rescue.
Does not know that is because various strange experiments are injured frequently, making his brain the unusual bracelet, he can always think strangely, means of being irrelevant.
Classroom of this red-orange hot lizard from protection mysterious lifeforms, Fred it “saving”. Therefore, in return, it must now for oneself “savior” pays himself as the reward.
At this time, it lies on a table depressed, in its belly a lot of great effort was pulled out the smoke and fire by stops up. It is rising the belly, combustion silently, the surroundings are one group of young bastards who are full of the curiosity.
Harry planned that fast chanting incantations extension course that Fermi and he attended, telling is sensitive to Owen and He, wants to know that they do have more clues. As for helping own foe Fermi keeps secret this matter, how possibly to appear in a brain of normal person.
He has not come to say. Suddenly, nearby hot lizard, cannot constrain a lot of anger finally, “whiz” least up in the midair. Like a lit rocket, crazy chaotic in the room leaps up, discharge all round spark, along with rumbling loud sound.
Percy with hoarse roar loud is reproving Fred, he felt himself like turning into mother Madame Wesley. So long as a negligence has not noticed Red, he can always rush out the calamity. At once, can raise their one regarding mother safely, Percy admires heartfelt.
The hot lizard permanent eruption the red-orange star, in the air is exploding unceasingly, is beautiful and magnificent.
At this moment it is not one maltreated vexed hot lizard, the evolution that at this moment it feels proud and elated the spit fire dragon, unfolded own elegant demeanor. Its free soaring, cheerful spit fire, heartily is venting all resentment. But slowly, it felt that the firepower starts to drop, feels periphery is welling up murderous aura. It taking advantage of the final strength, taking advantage of the final explosion, escaped sneaked in the furnace fire that also resembled.
One interrupts, at once what Harry forgot himself just to say was anything.
Separated for several days, Harry thought finally, when he Fermi and his fast chanting incantations extension course, told to the keen and Owen, immediately causes Owen's laughing loudly.
“You guess right.” Before Owen smiles, after bending down supine, no wonder Fermi that repugnant student, but must not exposed to the student with the magic, “originally Fermi is dud.”
“What meaning dud is?” He somewhat strange asking, she felt sensitively this is not a good word.
Looks at the sensitive inquiry, Owen is restraining diligently to Fermi's ridicule, dud truly is not a good word. His flexure scratched the head, somewhat awkward saying, “good, this was actually not laughable, but placed on Fermi, explained many issues.”
“Refers to dud, was born in the sorcerer family, actually no sorcerer aptitude person. They absolutely do not have the means to learn a magic, like numb Gun. The sorcerer who this and numb Gun was born is entirely opposite, they were born in the hemp melon family, has the aptitude of sorcerer.” Owen thinks and continues to say.
“Ridicule person is dud and mud plants these, is very virulent and word of insult, should not say. However, this also explained why Fermi hates the student specially, he is envying.” A Owen face truth in the self-satisfaction of grasping, “he wants through to chant incantations fast this extension course, this well-known fraud studies the magic, his is dud.”
Before Halloween final several days, Harry's eagle-eyed technique on broom, still no progress. Therefore, he has to make many adjustments.
At the same time, he has to daily, uses the eagle-eyed technique to oneself, with the aim of every seconds, can grasp the time practice eagle-eyed technique every minute. On the other hand, he instead trains of reduced eagle-eyed technique on broom, increases the coordination with team tactic. In order to avoid spending all time to practice the eagle-eyed technique, actually cannot grasp finally, finally instead implicated the hind leg of team.
This is not really easy, goes into action truly, may trying to find the solution must be more difficult. But another not easy bad news is, Harry knew, March also traded the eagle-eyed technique from the mutual aid association.
“This is really bad, March not only had the broom advantage, now displays the material of eagle-eyed technique also to attain on the broom continually.” Owen's labor to Harry watched recently, even more is dissatisfied with the aid of the advantage of broom to Skye Bring.
“There is nothing, I do not believe, March can grasp the eagle-eyed technique before me.” Harry's present hope will not place above the eagle-eyed technique completely, he knows on the broom, does not need the magic wand to use the eagle-eyed technique difficult.
“March recently changed intelligent, really does not dare to imagine that the chin must last year supinely the person who went to the space. This year starts to have the brain unexpectedly, he is guessed correctly that the eagle-eyed technique can use to compete. I also see him also often to train in the field unexpectedly, is simply inconceivable.” He keen suddenly had the brain to March, is shocked.
This year's March really and last year was very different. His academic record went into the upstream from the middle reaches slowly, but also oneself guessed correctly the eagle-eyed technique can use in GUI competes wonderfully. He also often goes to the field to practice a ball game, rather than like last year. All time use to bluff and bluster, run muck on.
“This is also good, at least he did not have the time to look for our troubles like last year.” Harry's change to March is glad to see him succeed.
Although March is not the good thing, so long as little appears before him, who cares about March is anything. Will stiffen as for March, is more formidable?
Harry does not care about these, his goal may contain, must resist letting the entire magic frightened nervous Lord Voldemort. Only March, even no longer like last year stupid, even becomes intelligent, that also has what relations.
(To be continued.) Looks for the home station to search “" or the input website:


Chapter 117 hi song pumpkin

Places hopes in opponent to get down weakly, rather than places hopes in itself to grow stronger, that is the stupid person can have the idea that.
“Good, hopes that you can use the eagle-eyed technique on the broom tomorrow. Then, the training of team how?” Owen hopes that Wood their tactic can play the role, although Harry broom March is poor, but his wingmanship March was much better. Holds the probability of golden cat burglar ahead of time is big.
Said the team tactic, Harry is encouraged immediately.
“You can say that the prisoner's cage tactic is not so attractive, but effect absolutely first-class. Fred with sweeping away the Big Dipper doom defense time, the opposite party is an opportunity does not have, we and Latin Crowd, Hatch Patch have trained, even I have no way the defense through Red. Skye Bring this time wants to defeat us with the advantage of broom, this time was to have no way to work.”
“We must change a road, I saw Lou ha to come from the opposite especially.” Harry spoke, has been directing He keen and Owen changed a road, relaxed staggered with Lou ha especially.
A Owen face envies looks at Harry he, did not need the magic wand to make up an eagle-eyed technique to oneself. “Is only used to avoid Lou ha and Shape, your days practice has not wasted.”
“That natural, so long as time many, I can use the eagle-eyed technique on the broom.” Amarillo appeared intent saying that did not use magic wand, this regarding most students, was the inconceivable matter.
If not because must compete immediately, Harry to these days raining effect is very satisfied. Now he after the corridor, after the corridor, will emit the place of person after some each time suddenly, will add on an eagle-eyed technique conveniently, to avoid itself running upon Lou ha special, Shape, Fermi. Naturally, now are also many, his crazy adorer Colin.
“You can also practice this spell, rare George agrees teaches us it. In the school has not taught many practical incantation this year, the black magic defense technique class became the joke.” Harry realized practical of eagle-eyed technique, planned that persuaded Owen and He spends some time to grasp this convenience easy-to-use magic sensitively.
“UN, it is truly useful, if especially can use on the broom.” Owen sees Harry to be able not through the magic wand, this spell relaxed utilization, started to have the interest.
If he can also learn on the broom uses the eagle-eyed technique, perhaps next year can also join the GUI wonderful team, does not know when the time comes the standard sweet orchid smell mufti- teams, can be short of manpower. Thinks of here, Owen also had many ideas to the eagle-eyed technique.
“UN, I will use several days of time to achieve no stick.” He's sensitive reply is very decisive, she is in three people first grasps the eagle-eyed technique. Although she does not have to put the thoughts these days above, but if trains in ground no stick, this cannot baffle her.
Owen and Harry listen to this saying to look at each other in blank dismay, so long as mentioned that study related matter, He keen true very attacks the person.
During the speeches, they have left the castle, across a field, saw before small log cabin front door is placing a stone bow.
Has not been in the room, he in the following vegetable plot, looks after these pumpkins. After these days' growth, these pumpkins under his inflation magic, have inflated must look like a hut.
Must defend here, to avoid pumpkin, when he has not seen, because rises to be excessive to explode, is good because of him has planned harvested today the pumpkin completely.
Halloween also three days, needs to harvest the pumpkin, transports/fortunes arrives at the big restaurant in castle. Then in the big restaurant, carves all kinds of pumpkins them.
Hogwarts's teacher is short-handed, some teachers you have not been able to count on, they cannot help completely. For example Lou ha special, he is active in most recent several weeks of beginning school, recommended his book in the school to many teachers. But the quick teachers discovered that he is a full idiot, does not count on that he can add on any is busy.
Invited Harry they to help him move the pumpkin, Harry, although does not plan to attend the Halloween evening banquet of school, but will not therefore refuse to help.
This has not spent on the too much time, the pumpkin is too big, even has prepared the animal-drawn cart, has no way to install such big pumpkin. Is good also prepares a special magic because of him, reduces the incantation. This incantation can make the pumpkin change small, just can be installed the animal-drawn cart.
However, is very obvious, third grade was dismissed the school, cannot use the magic frankly and uprightly, this affected his strength. This incantation he once saw Maine to teach using several times, if by any chance he acts, exploded two big pumpkins one after another.
Owen and Harry try to try this spell, had not actually succeeded, finally He preserved the remaining several big pumpkins sensitively.
Really did not have our He sensitively useful spells! “ Proud is saying.
He's sensitive face becomes ruddy, does not know that is because learned an easy-to-use spell, because of praising to be shy.
Halloween arrived, has the good news, there is bad news. The bad news is, Harry's eagle-eyed technique on broom, still no progress.
The good news is Owen and He has not dropped out Harry sensitively, they decided that accompanies Harry to attend the death anniversary party together, even George also had the interest in this party.
“The Halloween party, has year after year, death anniversary party few strangers have the opportunity to participate.” He has the curiosity sensitively, she is curious to the matter that on this writing continuously has not recorded.
“Can't I am person attend the Halloween party?” Owen shrugs, he celebrates the death anniversary party that oneself died is not interested to the deceased person. But now forces somebody to do something he incapable, he always not the good person to attend the Halloween party.
“I to some lives span long spirit interests, could obtain some useful news.” Although George recently is mainly busy restoring some foundations the ancient spells, but this time opportunity is truly rare, a time can meet the spirit that the whole country comes, could obtain some useful information.
Across auditorium time, Harry also somewhat yearns to dress up the good assembly hall, the big pumpkin that they ship, had been carved the giant pumpkin for these days. The students in the legend, Dumbledore are scheduled a skeleton dance theater, will perform at the evening banquet.
“Or we can-” the Harry some indefinite tone, wants to ask everyone's view.
“Cultivating the behavior to keep one's word.” He interrupted Harry's fantasy sensitively without hesitation, “you promised Nick, must attend the death anniversary party.”
(To be continued.) Looks for the home station to search “" or the input website:


Chapter 118 death anniversary party starts

“Or you are actually, in heavy taste that the skeleton dance theater is interested in specially?” George hears to have what skeleton dance theater, does not want to attend the Halloween party.
“Uh-huh!” The leadership of team had gotten down the decision, Owen has to mph casually.
Quick seven points time, everyone goes through the channel gate together, entered the assembly hall. There is decorated with lanterns and colored streamers, brilliantly illuminated, on the table has displayed the sparking gold and silver ornaments, waits for the student to enter the stadium. They have not stayed, continue to walk in the direction of underground classroom.
To almost does not have on head Nick's the corridor of death anniversary party, had ignited the candle, but the effect is not satisfying.
When dark, careful sharp taper, combustion is flashing the glistening blue light. According to the face of people, appears a Yin deep scene.
“How does spirit light the candle?” He looks at the candle on wall sensitively, somewhat curious asking, she remembers that the spirit should not have the entity.
“Perhaps is the domestic little elf of school does, or is ghost. The spirit can contact some specific objects, but they have no way to change the reality. Probably lights candle such action, they could not do.” George some knew about the spirit, this many advantages.
Everyone along the corridor, each walks downward one step, the temperature is reducing. Harry could not bear hit to tremble, bound tightly clothes.
George sees this scene, puts out the magic wand, wielded gently, gives their three people to add on a safety mask.
“What spell is this?” He lifts the hand sensitively, looks to paste in oneself diathermanous film same spell.
“Element resistance, according to a spell that the guard incantation change adapts, temporarily the use is not big.” George strengthens the strength the means that except for attempting restoration in the ancient times spell, another important action is to the change and adaptation of existing spell.
After all is the sorcerers is at the same time frail enough, wants to protect itself, needs to protect layer on layer/heavily. On the other hand is the existing spell insufficient system, there are place that can unearth numerously.
“Uses good.” Harry pokes the diathermanous film that sprained the hand curiously, like being attached to a ripple, not stress. He the big mouth breathed, the one who permeates the mouth and nose is the mild air, “is really mysterious.”
George is seeing Harry's action, smiled one gently, “I want to develop a protection incantation that has the filtration function, although has not achieved the expectation effect, but the basic function also had.”
“You must adapt to the status of sorcerer, has what illness, has what issue, uses with dealing of sorcerer.” George some enlightening of talking incessantly Harry they.
As the sorcerer, anything should think solves with the spell, if a spell could not solve, that two.
They proceeded a meeting, a nail blew the sound that scraped off to spread to the ear on the blackboard, everyone knit the brows slightly.
“Won't they manage this to call the music?” Owen is frowning, by the element resistant spell, can cause the irritation of person. Without protecting and sustaining of spell, the average man feared that is very difficult to endure, no wonder some people do not want to attend their parties.
“Should, after all they not be only the spirit, is not the monster.” He sensitive some did not say definite, after all on the school, the spirit is normal, many places were similar to them, always some impossible people to live are liking this sound.
“After spirit is the intention complaint sorcerer dies the trace, as the dead, their senses is different from the average man.” George to are not many, in fact entire magic that the spirit knows, the understanding about the spirit are not many.
After all compares the spirit, magic the thing that deserves pay attention to and consideration are many. Before magic is not prosperous enough, the insufficiently important matter, is completely no one wants to study. On the one hand lacks the subsidization, on the other hand, deficient interest and necessity.
“Hope of under the party will not be bad.” Owen lowered the sound, he to party not many anticipations, therefore does not feel discouraged.
Everyone crossed a corner, is seeing almost not to have Nick Station of head in the entrance, the body throws over the theater curtain of black velvet, the appearance must look like an opera singer.
“I the dearest friends.” He brings the heavy sadness, when displayed a ghost to hold a memorial service for itself dead the heaviness, “welcome you, welcome you to come, I was too affected.”
Nick casts off is inserting the hat of feather, like a master, bows in the entrance, is welcome the arrival of guest.
The present scene is simply incredible. The underground classroom was filled with several hundred translucent, milky white form. They float to swing mostly in the jam-packed dance floor, is jumping the waltz with the fearful vibrato that numerous happy saws send out.
The performance Le EU orchestra flutters sky over spreading the black cloth stage, the chandelier on top of the head is dyeing the innumerable candle, lightens the midnight blue light.
Four strangers, enter the monster devil legendary creature that hundred ghosts traveled by night truly.
“I have not seen so many spirits.” Harry never has, to see so many spirits, entire Hogwarts the teacher and student add more.
“Feared that is never has the person to see so many spirits.” George looking pensive, fully realized this time was to come right.
He previously only knows almost does not have Nick of head to invite many friends, but has not thought absolutely he will really have so many spirit friends. In his anticipation, dozens spirits, are very many, several hundred this seriously is inconceivable.
Do not feel several hundred spirits is not anything, entire British magic also about 3000 population. 1/8 that the spirit quantity that here assembles exceeded the British magic total population, is over 2 times of entire Hogwarts teachers and students number.
A more astonishing point is, these almost did not have Nick of head to invite, obviously, the entire world also has much, the quantity goes far beyond the spirit on the scene to exist in the all over the world.
Even has the possibility, the spirit of magic are not less than the living person, even are possibly more than living person.
Hogwarts does a school anniversary, comes so many people at most. But almost does not have head the fame of Nick's definitely not to have Hogwarts is so big.
Naturally, the spirit time are much, is boring enough, has the meeting rarely, actively participates in this also having the possibility. But light/only thinks the all over the world, several thousand, even over ten thousand spirits exist, is only this fact, is astonishing enough. So long as they can have a wee bit uses, these spirits is a very fearful strength.
But is very obvious, the spirit can talk, most of the time also some brains, the light is this, this is an astonishing strength.
(To be continued.) Looks for the home station to search “" or the input website:


Chapter 119 copes with the spirit the spell

“After spirit is the intention complaint sorcerer dies the trace.” George detects that behind now these words heaviness, thinks of the all over the world, has over ten thousand spirits to exist. What they represent is over ten thousand intention complaints sorcerers.
Behind this fearful strength, how also has the fearful sorrow!
Thinks of here, even somewhat indifferent George, could not bear pinch tightly the fist.
Not everyone, can see these fearful phenomena, back truth, Harry three people around dance floor edge, strolling slowly. Their stories and experiences, is far from being able to see through behind this information the time, child who they attend a marvelous party.
They pass through one crowd of depression, stays nearby nun, leads chains man in rags after one.
They also saw the acquaintance, is Hatch Patch's ghost, the fat member, it is a lovely happy ghost, is very difficult to imagine it to will have the complaint turning ghost, rather than peaceful dying. The fat member just and on a head is inserting arrow chat of knight warm feelings.
Except for the fat member, blood person Barlow also here, he is Skye Bring's ghost, has very big fame and prestige in the ghost. He is thin, two delay, the body is moistening the silver bloodstain, which he arrives, other ghosts sets aside a bulk place to him.
“, Oh no.” He stops the footsteps sensitively, has turned around, “we go back, the myrtle who I do not want to see the sob, does not want to speak with her.”
“Who is that?” Everyone old route returns, Harry somewhat puzzled asking, who is so fearful? Can frighten He sensitively to escape unexpectedly.
“She is ghost in the building female student washroom.” He is saying sensitively breathless.
“Stays in the ghost of washroom?” Owen thought that oneself ear was insane, how to have the ghost to stay in the washroom, how can the school permit?
“Right, the washroom crashes every other day, having a fit of temper that because the myrtle non-stop, everywhere splashing water carelessly. So long as I have the means that does not go to there absolutely. You cannot believe simply, you go to bathroom, she will bawl to you with high voice, that was really fearful.” He sensitive few such breathless times, it can be imagined myrtle fearful.
“Can imagine, if I go to bathroom, there is a ghost to shout loudly to me, I to him a dead incantation, making it rest thoroughly.” George sympathizes about the sensitive bitter experience, the male student restroom will not have such monster luckily, otherwise the magic ultra low fertility rate must drop substantially.
A child, from a small memory most fearful scene, will include forever.
In the jet black silent night, the intrusion darkness that a person is soundless, is flustered loses presence of mind goes to bathroom. If in magic, this world also has the spirit, the spirit will shout loudly in restroom, this will be really scary.
“Can dead incantation really kill the spirit?” He sensitive curious asking, she is really interested in this very much.
Harry and Owen dumbfounded looks at He to be sensitive, doesn't she really want to study? Although their some do not believe that but does not dare to neglect at this time the sensitive that as if naked eye obvious complaint.
George is also staring at He's sensitive eyes carefully, until her some blushing leaning excessive, “dead incantation has not suited you to study temporarily, the spell that but becomes effective to the spirit are many, I can teach you to ban the sound it, the action of driving away, even can attack it.”
Although the spirit is hard to contact, but is not impassible, otherwise the world should rule by the spirit. Because the spirit is unable to change the reality, can only contact the specific thing. In fact their direct conflict with the human are extremely few, usually the situation they are not threatening existence.
As special existence, they are very difficult to contact, was injured very much difficultly, most attacks do not have the effect on them. But they after all are also only specific existence, so long as found the specific method, coping with them is not difficult.
In George opinion, the spirit in a special wave band, is similar to the electromagnetic waves of different broadcasting station, only has stemming from the same frequency, can contact the spirit.
He has developed the special spell for this reason, after to deal, may be in this kind of trouble.
The spirit does not have the weight, without the quality, the relation of their existence and real world is unstable. Only needed to find the correct frequency, the charm fluctuation gently can drive away by far the spirit. Even if wants, even can make the spirit annihilate with the spirit thorough opposite frequency.
In fact in the existing spell, the patron god incantation can hurt the spirit, although was unable to kill them completely. But cable/search Hangzhou in view of the spell of soul, can kill the spirit like this directly.
“Went back to say these again, in surrounding of one crowd of spirits, discussed how copes with them, this infiltrated the person strangely.” Harry is awkward, seems somewhat anxious.
He to can affect in the spell of spirit is also very interested, if there is means to cope with ghost that too to be good. However, in monster devil legendary creature that present this hundred ghosts travel by night, discussed how copes with the spirit, always made him feel that behind cool, he has to four guard carefully is heard.
In He's sensitive eyes the god glittering, she was too satisfied with this answer, she also thinks oneself can only endure suffering of myrtle. Not is only she, the female students of other higher grades, same is enduring suffering of myrtle.
If the spirit does not do the misdemeanor time, that also calculates no harm dons. But if they decide to want practical joke, must really be a nightmare.
She has tried all means in fantasy novel, the cross, the scrip­tures, the spell, the garlic, the sunlight wait/etc. etc., these are not of use.
These things cannot contact the spirit from the start, the spirit can unscrupulous scary.
She suddenly when you go to bathroom, fluttering quietly to your behind, has the ghost same point to be howling in your ear fire. If late at night, will frighten the person to fall in the restroom. She will also splash water toward you on, makes all evil things, finally she also disguises oneself is a victim, desperate weeping and wailing scream.
The myrtles made bitter of too many ins Hogwarts, made the fears of too many, she simply is a devil. Thinks of here, He is interested in the dead incantation sensitively, if can .... Good deed that may really save all female students.
Is seeing on the keen that as if naked eye obvious fearful complaint, including by the element resistance is protecting Harry and Owen also only thought that the whole body is icy cold. They thought that cannot make continue to get down sensitively. Otherwise, her next second will pull out the magic wand, charges into the myrtle, in all attack incantations.
“Look, that side has to eat.” Owen is looking around, having a look at anything to transfer the past matter the topic.
(To be continued.) Looks for the home station to search “" or the input website:


Chapter 120 myrtle

Another side of the underground classroom is setting out a long table, above is spreading the blanket of black velvet, is seemingly decent.
“Thing that spirit eats?” Everyone was also attracted by this mysterious idea for a while, they somewhat impatient overtaking. Immediately they regretted, that was too disgusting. They approach, rotten, the strong ozone filled the air.
The bulk slough, places the attractive galactic disk child, the cake that becomes stale jet black, piles in the plateau. Is covered with the sheep stomach meat stuffing of maggot, crawls cheese that full green hat the smell roars.
Only normal, is the table most, a tombstone same giant gray cake, above is spelling the goal of today's evening banquet with the frost. Conf. Sugar: The Nicolas Demon western wave of even Knight died on October 31, 1492.
Is seeing at present this strange scene. The people truly are clear, today the life and death boundary of party representative, living and separation of dead world.
A build huge fat ghost fluttered, it squats on the ground, passes through from the tables. Opens the giant mouth the dog salmon that tries to swallow an unbearable stink. The dog salmon from its translucent mouth, delimits more than half transparent backs of the head, is unrelieved.
“Can the words that you pass through like this, feel the flavor?” Harry somewhat curious asking, this time dog salmon looks unrelieved.
“Perhaps.” On the fat ghost face full is sad, turns around to flutter.
Can see from the build, food once was in the multiple position in its body. But now, it is dozens years, several hundred years have not eaten to have been to the thing. This endless suffering, how long but must continue on it.
“I guessed, they make food rotten, to let the flavor is thicker.” He said sensitively seriously, she is covering the nose, but also by examines carefully the rotten sheep stomach.
“Spirit will clearly not have person of same five feelings, they obtain the feeling through other way.” George is transferring the brain rapidly, today's party makes him broaden the outlook, had many understanding of the world of spirit.
Since the spirit can contact some spirit the thing, the spell can also drive away kills them, then can use the spell goods spirit? If can grasp the means of food spirit, solely is this ability, can let him the spirit that are many to urge in the entire world innumerably.
Has saying that sometimes, curiosity and intellectual curiosity, will make one very fearful.
“We walk, I was about to put out.” Owen's voice like the scapegoat, he may not like this party.
They are planning to leave, a diminutive funny ghost drilled from the table suddenly, floats in their front.
“Hello, ghost.” Harry sent regards carefully, ghost was in the school the ghost of special practical joke. It and spirit are different, it can contact the entity, is not pale transparent.
Ghost wears a bright red-orange apex party ceremonial hat, on the neck is the big bow tie, ridicule that a face bad type extravagant face looks fierce. Seeming like also strange, is funny.
“Can come?” He is saying moderately, hands over one bowl of crawling full molds the peanut.
“, Thanks.” The response of He sensitive politeness.
Although knows that ghost has not settled the good intention, but does not pay attention to its good.
“I hear you in the discussion pitiful myrtle.” A ghost face smiles badly, the eye shines, it thought practical joke, “discussed that pitiful stupid miss, that may not be really polite.”
Ghost now is not very happy, the spirits in party no one pays attention. It helped the party set up the conference site, selected the candle, but also arranged food.
But these stupid spirits to its insufficient respect, has not made it go to the party to give a speech, no one arranges to call it, even no one comes up to thank and flatter several to it, this makes it very not happy.
It one was not happy that wants practical joke, naturally it was happy time also wants practical joke. Now it found the object of starting.
Just it when under the table, is hearing He keen saying that do not see the myrtle, do not speak with the myrtle, then they ran off.
Ghost used time to think how practical joke, just saw these students to hit, then did not implement own practical joke not to can really be justified.
He deeply inspires, shouts loudly, “myrtle.”
“No, leaves this, ghost, do not tell the myrtle my words, she will be very sad.” Sensitively He worries is begging ghost.
Looks at this scene, George is secretly funny, everyone also worried a moment ago the sensitive complaint, will make her rush to front of the myrtle, loses all attack spells to it on.
Finally, but ghost must dislike the words of myrtle her, informs the myrtle, she is scared.
She eventually is only a good 12-year-old little miss. In can have a fit of temper in the back, can have many complaints, even gives birth must eliminate this idea of myrtle who suffers the person.
But must make her go truly to harm a person face to face, rather than vented the resentment in the back, she was very difficult to achieve. She is also only a custom puts in great inconvenience to oneself little miss eventually.
Regarding such aspect, George shows neither approval nor disapproval, the growth of everyone can only experience by oneself. Naturally nicely is not the shortcoming, but compares the reason, good is not the merit absolutely.
Regarding a being annoyed by everybody pest, everyone isolates it secretly quietly, not agrees saying lets its embarrassed words. Frank and upright informs his behavior god to hate the ghost to tire, requests its change. This regarding the different people, the different abilities, is the different choices.
“I was saying plays, I do not mind these, I do not dislike her, oh, myrtle, hello/you good.” He is still begging ghost sensitively, a ghost of short and stout miss had fluttered, is a myrtle.
George also the first time is sawed this to let the sensitive breathless ghost, can enrage He to this situation sensitively, this is not easy.
First can see, the myrtle is an unpopular spirit. Its face gloomy fearfulness, making people think the evil spirit in ghost movie immediately. The chubby face covers by the straight long hair and pearl thick frame eye most, appears fuzzy-looking, the facial features are unclear.
“Does?” She is having a long face, everyone owes her ugly expression.
“Myrtle, hello/you good.” He speaks insincerely sensitively, with disguising the relaxed sound said.
“Very happy sees you outside the washroom.” He sensitive this is the real soul talk, if the myrtle do not appear in the washroom forever, can forgive her.
The myrtles pulled out sniffing, without reply. She is not a good spirit, no one wants to see her, this, she also knows as we all know.
(To be continued.) Looks for the home station to search “" or the input website:


Practical joke of Chapter 121 ghost

“Was Miss Grainier just still discussing you?” Ghost flutters to the myrtle ear near, is saying slyly.
“I meant, said that you are really attractive tonight.” He hurries to change the topic sensitively, ruthlessly is staring ghost, if her look also has the charm, ghost affirmation had been killed several.
Myrtle doubt looks at He to be sensitive, she does not believe that some people will speak her word of praise in the back.
“You are ridiculing me.” Thinks of here, myrtle tears crash-bang falling fast from transparent small eye.
She was not the first year stays in Hogwarts. She stayed nearly for 50 years in Hogwarts, after other die lives in Hogwarts's spirit is different. She was killed by Hogwarts's student, she hates here, hates Hogwarts, student who is also hating Hogwarts.
“You after I die is still bullying me.” The myrtles are sobbing, only felt own infinite grievance, she is also the student in Hogwarts Institute. But she died in the school, her schoolmate, the student who she was younger, students from generation to generation graduated, left.
All students can leave Hogwarts, only then she, living time was ridiculed by Hogwarts's student, after dying, she must by Hogwarts's student ridicule.
“Absolutely no, I just said that you are very attractive today.” He sensitive explained that while with elbow ruthlessly is pounding Harry and Owen's rib, these two fools do not know that helped her explain. She looked at George secretly, caring of his face, seems happy to see this condition.
“She said that she said you are attractive.” On Harry rib suffered ruthlessly, the mouth immediately became agile.
“, Yes.” Owen felt oneself received the internal injury, bursts into tears at heart silently, he had said early should not come.
George has not spoken, he will not put in great inconvenience to himself to flatter any pest, if his independent person, he will put out the magic wand, bans the word them, drives out.
“Do not think that you can deceive me.” The myrtles cry not to gasp for breath quickly, she quite puts in great inconvenience, if she has the means that if she has the destination, she will leave Hogwarts immediately. She dislikes here student, dislikes her like here student.
Ghost in her creak smiling, it likes bullying the myrtle behind. Other spirits are not good to cope, they are the deceased people, they do not have the physique. The method of ghost does not have an effect in the face of other spirits, luckily myrtle.
This is the spirit that it can bully easily, she was too vulnerable, the small method can make her keep crying.
“You know how others will discuss you? Full-figured woman myrtle, disfigured, eyeglasses demon. Myrtle of crying, every day in myrtle of having a fit of temper, whole face acne myrtle.” Ghost floats to flutter around the myrtle, is speaking these coarse words.
“!” The myrtle of sob could not listen finally, she called one fiercely, ran the underground classroom. Ghost cheerful pursuing in her back, pounds her with the mildew peanut, the peanut passes through the myrtle to pass half bright body like the stone.
Ghost pounds, while shouts, “the myrtle of whole face acne, the myrtle of crying, everyone dislikes you to going crazy.”
“Oh, god.” He sensitive sad is calling out in alarm, “ghost was too repugnant, its mind was rotten to the core.”
At this time, almost did not have Nick of head to flutter from the crowd, “played happily?”
“, Happy.” Everyone disguises the happy expression.
“Come guest number is satisfying.” Almost without Nick of head proud said, “I am the friend am many, the widow who wept and wailed specially from Kent, caught up far away came..., OK, I must mount the stage to speak to give a speech, I first gave the orchestra to remind, making them give the good background music.”
At this moment, suddenly, the orchestra stopped the performance. They and basement each person were peaceful, everyone is looking all around excitedly, array Lie a sound.
“Oh, oh no.” Almost does not have head saying of Nick face pain.
In the wall of underground classroom, leaps up suddenly 12 ghost horses, each immediately is an equestrian who does not have the head. The personnel who attend the party, set out warm applause.
Harry they are just about to follow to applaud, discovered that Nick's complexion is uglier, this stopped.
12 ghost horses break in the dance floor center, stops fiercely, first stands erect with the back leg, before raising, hoof charge. The forefront ghost is a physique is very immediately big, very tall and strong ghost, grows the head of full beard to be clamped by him in the arm underground, the head is playing the bugle, he from jumps down immediately.
He lifts up high the midair oneself head high, occupying a commanding position looks at the people, causes laughs intermittently.
He head careless on a stopper toward the neck, arriving before with long hurried strides almost does not have the Nick body of head.
“Nick!” His deep and gruff voice exclaiming, “you are good, does the head also hang in the head?”
He sends out uncouthly laughing wildly, effort patted almost not to have head the shoulder of Nick's.
“Welcome your arrival, Patrick.” Nick's false smile greeting.
“Stranger!” Mr. Patrick discovers everyone immediately, he pretends that surprised high jumping, the result jumps, the head falls. Causes racketing of guest.
“Is interesting.” Without the Nick complexion of head was almost uglier, this Patrick knows against the wind the head, what is most sorrowful, he always cannot snatch him.
“Do not mind Nick!” The head of Mr. Patrick is shouting on the floor, “we know, you for have not been able to attend the matter of headless hunter team to take to heart, but I must say, you have a look at him, can meet the requirement of headless hunter team?”
“I think that Harry sees the encouragement look that Nick hands over, immediately says, “ I feel Nick very scary, moreover is very interesting.”
“Hahn.” The head of Mr. Patrick screamed to shout, “I guess that this was he teaches you to say.”
“Please note, now I must start to give a speech the speech.” Almost does not have Nick of head to shout loudly, Patrick this bastard came, he does not want to continue to delay.
He arrives at the platform with stride, on the platform one bunch of ice-cold blue rays focuses on him, “I to the deceased Lord, the ladies gentlemen salute, at this time my heart, so sorrowful heavy...”
He is fermenting the sentiment, according to draft speech of careful preparation, but he discovered immediately, the following words no one has cared.
The members of Mr. Patrick and his headless hunter team, are making are heavily engaged, they are playing a game of top of the head hockey. Everyone turns around to look at them, no one wants to listen to his speech again.
(To be continued.) Looks for the home station to search “" or the input website:


The fall guy in Chapter 122 secret room

Ten erupt, asking everyone to subscribe, cast the recommendation ticket while convenient, thanked politely!
.......
Almost without Nick's unproductive attempt of head brings to the attention of audience, but Patrick's head flies round in cheers, his effort does not have the significance, immediately is defeated.
“I could not have borne.” Owen is whispering in a low voice, he was not only sick bad this, meeting of distortion. His belly could not have endured, cluck straight sound.
“Has had nothing to look, if not want to continue to treat, we walk.” George thought that today's harvest is enough, how as to urge spirit this is a knowledgeable long-term topic.
“We walk, I was also hungry.” Harry also thought that should leave, regarding almost does not have Nick of head, he can help has helped, was the time leaves here.
The orchestra and starts the sound that plays rips to draw, all big or small ghosts returned to the dance floor floating.
They walk toward the entrance, after spirits, finally, returned in corridor that ignites the tiny candle.
“Perhaps thing did not have to finish eating.” Owen also hugs was fantasizing, perhaps now the evening banquet had not ended, he runs in the forefront, toward leading to the stair of hall walks.
Suddenly, at this moment, Harry heard.
“Tears you... to kill you... to rip... kills...”
He heard that sound, that once has heard in Lou ha Special Office ice-cold, vicious, combative sound.
He stopped the footsteps tottering, holds the stone wall, cautious, sensation of concentrating on that sound. At the same time looks around, at the same time is recalling the origin of sound, sizes up in the dimmly-lighted corridor, seeks.
“Harry, you how?” He walks sensitively in Harry behind, she first discovered Harry's unusual form, she arrives at Harry body side careful asking.
“Is that sound, he appeared, first let alone words.” Harry is raising the thoughts, with hardship is tracking down the origin of that sound.
“... Hungry, good hungry... to be awfully hungry too for a long time... too for a long time...” Harry heard, is that sound.
“You listen!” Harry is urgently asking everyone, the sound was getting more and more obvious.
But except for him, no one hears any sound, everyone closely is gazing at him.
“... Was the time... the murder.” The sound is weakened, it is moving.
Hurricane decides it to move, is moving upwards, he is staring at the ceiling, the above jet black piece. He raises is excited and frightened feeling, how it moves, how to pass through the ceiling that the stone builds? Is the spirit?
“In here.” He is shouting, while guides in front, he runs up the staircase, ran in the entrance hall. Here is also reverberating the auditorium Halloween the lively noise of evening banquet, cannot hear other sounds, Harry continues to rush to the marble staircase, arrives at two buildings. Everyone closely follows in his behind.
Owen runs, while whispered, “evening banquet had not ended, but we met troublesome.”
He cannot bear to Harry asks, “Harry, we are doing whey...”
“!” Harry hints do not speak, he is raising up the ear, that sound, is conveying from the building from afar.
The sound is getting more and more weak, “... I smelled the flavor of blood... I to smell the flavor of blood...”
Harry only thought that oneself belly is cramping, shouting that he has a big shock, “it must kill people.”
Harry cannot attend to other, sped up the footsteps, rushed to a yet higher goal ladder hurriedly, searching high and low sound, while continues to listen attentively.
Harry dashed was transferring in three buildings, others also guarded carefully, while sought for that unknown unusually.
Until has transferred the last corner, arrives at the last being empty corridor.
All usual.
“Is Harry, what we looking for?” Owen said at the same time, generally is wiping head sweat with the sleeve, “my anything has not heard.”
He keen Turn held breath a cold air/I, is pointing at the nearby of corridor.
“That!”
On the front wall, having anything is sparkling.
George walked in front, he put out the magic wand, gave the heck, first threw several armors to protect oneself to everyone saying that “all things can be solved with the spell, if were not good, that two.”
Had the protection, everyone stabilized some. Between the two windows of corridor, away place one foot corridor wall on, spreads to write some handwriting, the special pigment is flashing the glimmer under shining of flare.
The secret room was opened.
The enemy of successor, vigilant.
“That has anything, hangs there.” Owen discovered anything, his voice is shivering, is pointing at front.
“Is Madame Fermi's Liz, it was hung under the slogan.” George when uses the armor guard, added to oneself held the eagle-eyed technique.
What a pity once, this wonderful detection spell also became sparsely were during the night ordinary, the effect of darkness on the line of sight was really big.
Everyone approaches slowly, Harry almost slips, the ground had big booth water, George raised him. Everyone put out the magic wand, careful entering slogan.
Harry they saw clearly the appearance of Madame Liz at this time, frightens will jump in the future, splashes the water splash, hits above the barrier that the armor protects oneself.
Madame Liz was more fearful than the past, it now seems hard, like a plank. The tail was sewn on the support of flare, a light bulb same eye appearance, not dying was the same.
“Or we first leave here.” Owen somewhat anxious saying, this time strange scene makes his one second not think that is treating.
“Do we want to rescue it?” Harry is not too saying definite, Fermi is not the good person, Madame Liz is not the good cat, should manage?
“Listened to me saying that we were discovered here was not the good deed.” Owen does not want to mix such matter, more essential is, at this time only then they here, if were discovered is not good to explain.
“Protection.” George hesitated, made the decision. “Although is only a cat has an accident, but the method seemingly is somewhat special. That secret room opened slogan, starts on behalf of the matter, we know an information, can be many some preparations.”
“Moreover, when remembered our last year philosopher's stone old opponent?” George lowered the sound, reminded everyone's last year all is not easy to finish.
“Hiss!” Speaking of that old opponent, Owen felt to terrify.
“I will not make him work.” Harry's effort always, to fulfill own commitment. Effort always, to demonstrate own consciousness.
(To be continued.) Looks for the home station to search “" or the input website:


Chapter 123 acts in a play to whom looks

The sensitive look is uncertain, careful is guarding four, she is not glad to conduct the risks of too many danger very much. But her friend here, she can only choose and friend now at any time stands.
Here, low and deep cheers transmit from the distant place, was the banquet ended. As soon as the banquet ended, corridor both sides, resound several hundred feet to step on the voice of staircase immediately, was the students evening banquet ended to return to the dormitory.
After their water full food is full, is relaxed happy chatting, when continued the party liveliness, the students is pushing to push the corridor from downstairs that shouts.
When the person who when goes upstairs, sees the fearful cat that only hangs upside down, all lively noises, all cheers ridicules. Suddenly, vanishes immediately.
Harry, Owen, He is sensitive, George Station is protecting the scene in the corridor center, the students are peaceful, careful supports to look at this fearful scene.
During this piece is silent, some people broke loudly tranquilly.
“The enemy of successor, vigilant! Next was you, the mud planted.” Is Draco Malay.
He pushed front of crowd, the ice-cold eye was the inexplicable appearance, on the face disclosed sneering that harbored evil intentions. The pale complexion becomes flushed because of the excitement, he looks to sew there that only stiff cat, on the face is savage grinning fiendishly.
“Pays attention to your expression, only if you want to annoy troublesome.” George disseminates the scared action to be somewhat discontented to March, can this idiot be so happy?
March then restrains cruel grinning fiendishly, he knows that oneself cannot stir up George, not stupid, because a minor matter annoys George. However, sees the panic of others, always makes him well satisfied, this is the powerful strength, this is the fearful deterrent.
“Had an accident, what matter comes out, why encircles here?”
Fermi was directed by March's shout, sees so many students to encircle in the same place, he does not feel happily. So long as sees the student to encircle in the same place, without the good deed, should say, so long as saw that the student would have no good deed.
He uses the shoulder squeezing through crowd ruthlessly, with the student presses together the feeling makes him disgusting, he is full is the anger.
Then, drenches the foot him like one bucket of ice water from the beginning, he saw stiff Madame Liz. He retro cedes tottering several, panic-stricken, cannot believe with is tearing own face that the hand makes an effort.
“My cat, my cat, my Madame Liz how.” He called with high voice. “What did you make to her?”
He shouts oneself hoarse, eye of I wants to crack, the eye that suddenly, his violent has saw Harry.
“Is you.” He called out with high voice, “is you, was you killed my cat, was you killed her, I must kill you, I wanted...”
“Stops! Fermi!” Dumbledore also rushed to the scene, he after the Halloween party ended, slightly spent cleaning of time arrangement assembly hall.
But at this time, he also caught up with many other teachers. He is the principal in school, all of school are under the charge to him.
He passed through Harry directly, Owen, He keen and George's side, put from the flare support Madame Liz.
“Comes with me, Fermi.” He leaned excessively said to Fermi.
“You, Mr. Potter, Mr. Wesley, Mr. Solos, Miss Grainier.”
Lou ha also walked going forward especially hurriedly. “Goes to my office, by this, in the building, you should not be impolite.”
“Thank you, Giro.” Dumbledore agrees immediately.
The silent student separates to the two sides, makes them pass peacefully.
Lou ha was especially happy, is excited, a vividness of his face. The school was the big deal finally, perhaps he happens to can solve conveniently. In this case, can be a great bestseller, «I And Hogwarts Peer», such book title should be good.
These days and exchanges of other teachers are not very smooth, they did not understand that my fierce, the student does not even have the enthusiasm of most starting to his worship, this makes him make an important matter specially.
He is thinking, while tight following in Dumbledore behind, Maine teaches and Professor Shape also follows.
When they enter Lou ha especially to be dark the heavy office, on wall a tumult. On the wall of office is Lou ha own picture, all kinds, various types of clothing, various situations.
But now, Lou ha on these pictures as if also know especially was the big deal, flustered hides.
At this time, the true Lou ha characteristics burnt the candle on table, the pale yellow candlelight brought luminous to the office, scattered the darkness.
Dumbledore on the bright and clean desktop, starts to inspect whole body stiff Madame Liz.
Harry, Owen and He sensitively somewhat terrified, they exchange bit by bit the look carefully.
George's action to Dumbledore is quite interested, dedicated is staring at Dumbledore's technique.
The tip of the nose of Dumbledore's long aquiline nose, almost touched Madame Liz wool, he is inspecting it by the transparent spectacle lenses of half-moon-shaped carefully, a slender finger stamp here, one will hold there. Maine teaches bending the waist, the face was also about to bump into the cat, is narrowing eye careful looking at carefully.
Shape stands in their behind, is a little away from, half body shrinks in the shadow, appears Yin deep, on his face is the strange expression, probably goes all out to restrain itself do not smile. Lou ha teaches and Dumbledore around Maine especially paces back and forth, at the same time direction, supplies ideas.
George has transferred the vision, no matter Dumbledore and Maine teach develop look to whom, their performing skill very rotten he in the corridor, separates to estimate far away method that cat suffers.
But Dumbledore's inspection, purely like a making trouble child, appearing is not very proper, performance non-specialized, is not completely professional.
“I want to be a spell killed it, should be the spell of distortion torture, I see some people to use this incantation repeatedly. Really pitifully I at that time not on the scene, I happen to know this spell the solution, if, I can rescue early its...” Lou ha is saying endlessly, he cannot think how to rescue this cat, but he will therefore not give up capturing the attention of people.
Fermi sends out one to cry loudly without tears, he collapses on a table chair, is covering own face with the hand, he does not dare to look at Madame Liz.
Although Harry repugnant Fermi, but looks at the sympathy of his appearance also faint trace at this time. However, what he sympathizes is oneself, wanting Dumbledore stupid to not believing Fermi's nonsense.
Here, Dumbledore is talking over some strange words in a low voice, probably incantation, does not seem like. Then he used the magic wand to knock Madame Liz, had not responded.
(To be continued.) Looks for the home station to search “" or the input website:


Chapter 125 respective calculation

“You!” George's rascal makes Shape dumbfounded, exhausts a full power fist like hitting on the cotton, instead was staggered by oneself one, for a while is dumbfounded.
Harry smiled cheerfully, his face stretched closely, no unusually. The only corner of the eye actually cannot bear go up, in the look is joyful, is blossoms at heart happily.
He cannot bear think, if oneself can also cope with Shape to be good like George with ease. But changes mind is also understands, George has the energy to be able, he did not fear that Shape wears the small shoes to him. Shape's class he cannot go, all work, the experiment, is standard than the model answer.
Has such strength, whose complexion but also needs to look at? But if he is studying George, will welcome Shape's violent anger immediately, the point deduction, expels the classroom, these to him, are not the minor matters.
“Principal, my opinion is, baud they do not have to speak the truth completely.” On Shape's ugly face Yin clear uncertain, finally gave up in view of George this bone that was difficult to gnaw, the persimmon naturally being probable to look for soft pinching.
He turns the head to look to Dumbledore, “we should cancel to some privileges of baud, until him can the truth, tell us honestly. I proposed, making Potter leaves the Georgian sweet orchid smell many GUI wonderful teams, when his attitude can honest say again.”
On Harry then face did not have the smile, his face rises red, in the eye the straight strong wind from afar literature, www.cfwx.net braves sparks/Mars, “this damn Shape.”
He ignites the infinite hatred to Shape immediately, since he remembers the labor that these days everyone has trained. Wood racks one's brains found out in view of the tactic of Skye Bring broom, each person of team exhausted the full power participation training.
Training that Red goes all out, he must with sweeping away the Big Dipper defends light wheel 2001, must for oneself the one breath. He is a person of incomparably active bracelet, but trains time, he absolutely did not have in those days was not proper, absolutely did not have past running muck. He for this competition, paid too many experiences.
Key? Bell, Ellie? In Spring especially, Angelina? Johnson, they are the girls, when they train assiduous are not less than the male student. Can support in Wood this training crazy hand, becomes the main player of team, they paid too many laborious, made too many efforts.
He, Harry is undertaking the painstaking care of all teammates, he is bearing the anticipation of all teammates. All teammates, a labor, a painstaking care, to constrain Skye Bring's light wheel 2001. To give him creates the opportunity, he does not dare to imagine itself to lose, he must win.
But now, soon after must compete shortly, saw that everyone's painstaking care must harvest. At this time, Shape actually thought a few words, a question, hatred to a Harry.
He unexpectedly, he must strip off the hopes of standard sweet orchid smell mufti- team all team members unexpectedly. For the team of school trades the ignominious victory to oneself.
Harry does not dare to imagine, if oneself, because today's matter was expelled the team, the teammates will be sad sadly. The team was short looked for the player, the substitution radically without enough time. They all efforts, all warm-blooded, all anticipations by light a few words, a decision were killed these days.
Perhaps they will not complain about Harry, they possibly blamed the luck is not good, blame Shape bias. They will also comfort Harry, making Harry not want sadly sad.
But is this, is such sympathizing, such understanding, will make Harry's thoughts be cut to pieces. He has suffered too many unfair, suffers too has suffered. But he most could not undertake, most could not bear instead was the gentleness of friends, these gentle was to his anticipation, was to his understanding, these gentle was the love.
How can he kill these?
The anger has burnt to send the point from the sole, when the wholeheartedly is the flame, the person instead cannot feel the heat.
The anger instead smiles extremely, on Harry face shows the strange smile.
“If Shape must harm the friend of mine wholeheartedly, I will not let off him absolutely. What damn intense rivalry no matter this son-of-bitch and my devil father have.”
Is good because, matter has not reached the worst situation, Harry is not a person, Shape is not an entire world.
“You cannot like this, Chief Less.” Maine teaches said sternly, “our have no reason not to make a child play a ball game, our have no reason to destroy a child's effort. No evidence showed that the baud made the any mistake, this cat was not pounded the head by the broom.”
Maine teaches, although severe, but is actually not a bastard. She is very severe, when she when the student of oneself school causes trouble, instead more ruthless point deduction. But she will not hate the student for no reason, she not fabricated injury student.
She knows that these days the players of Gland many team have diligently, she is proud of them. She does not permit Shape taking advantage of the convenience of power, at will, for no reason, shameless injury this child diligently.
Dumbledore with carefully examining the vision is staring at Harry, facing staring of his fiery blue eye, Harry does not flinch, he felt that oneself was punctured thoroughly by this vision. But he does not allow himself to fall short of the anticipation of teammates, does not allow itself to disappoint the painstaking care of teammates.
Perhaps was firmness in Harry eyes touched him, perhaps was anticipation in Harry eyes convinced him, perhaps was the anger in Harry eyes reminded him.
“No evidence proves guilty, that is innocent, Chief Less.” He made the ruling firmly.
Shape complexion was uglier, a face is pale, he very angry, he has used enough many methods to aim at this young bastard. But is not always smooth, this young bastard can always be likable, always some people help this young bastard.
All these like that big bastard, that he also dislike dirty the name, big bastard who the name does not want to raise.
That big bastard once wants to kill him, finally actually saved him, he instead owed his sentiment of life-saving in the plot of big bastard. The shamelessness and plot of big bastard can always work, no matter makes him owe the life-saving efforts to deceive Lily.
Thinks of here, Shape wishes one could suffer Harry who wants to go all out.
“My Madame Liz was petrified.” Fermi screamed sternly, his eye violent left, the blue vein revealed completely, “I must see some person and Madame Liz by equally suffering.”
Fermi incomparably hates oneself soft and weak at this time, he can only look at Madame Liz helplessly the stiff swayed there. But the entire scene, except for him, has not cared about pitiful Madame Liz.
In other person of eyes, this is only one damn, ugly cat.
(To be continued.)


The SB3 second on the energy remembered WWW, xcxzww and come Provides most newly most entire novel reading for you.

Chapter 124 George and Shape
Madame Liz stiff lying down there, like a specimen of air-drying.
“I remember Ouagadougou had some similar things.” Lou ha is not resigned to be disregarded especially, to continue to attract the attention, “that a series of attack, in my autobiography has had the detailed record. That time, I gave the local resident to provide all kinds of charm amulets, then all issues were solved.”
His words no one cares, but these picture Lou ha special nod names on abundance wall are, in the room has the clear light, they braved.
Finally, Dumbledore no longer continues to poke on Madame Liz finally, he drew out the body.
“It has not died, Fermi.” He said in a soft voice.
Lou ha is breaking off the finger especially, several PJ prevented many murders, at this time could not bear stop.
“Hasn't she died?” Fermi is sobbing asking, he from referring to the seam looks at Madame Liz secretly, “why it like frozen, is the whole body stiff?”
“It was petrified by the charm.” Dumbledore is definitely saying, “, but what's the matter, is not clear temporarily.”
Dumbledore said petrifies a word, Jeangeorges was somewhat accidental, the unstated criticism, “acted in a play at heart secretly the half of the day, but also thinks that what other thing will write, actually spoke frankly, are they acting in a play to whom look?”
“Is he.” Fermi screamed, on the face of whole face tear stains used the vicious vision to stare at Harry.
“The student of second grade does not have the ability to achieve this.” Dumbledore's unquestionable saying, “this must have the most profound black magic.”
“Is he does, is he does.” Fermi quick is insane, he disregards only wants to bite to death Harry, “haven't you seen him in the character that on the wall writes? He in my office, he discovered, he knows I am” on Fermi's fearful face ruthlessly is twitching, “he knows that I am dud.”
“I simply have not bumped Madame Liz.” Harry said loudly, he does not know why Fermi insane same must bite him, petrifies such method, at all is not he can grasp, “I do not know that anything is the certification.”
“Please allow that I said one, Principal.” Shape hid in the shadow is saying maliciously, this made Harry anxious was more intense, he believes, Shape would attack him taking any opportunity.
“I think, baud and his friends, are only in should not the time, presented in should not place.” Shape is saying insincerely, on the face reveals a ridicule, a suspicion of face, “then, we met a series of questionable points, they when Halloween evening banquet are making anything, why they must go to the above corridor.”
Harry, Owen was explaining competitively they were participated almost did not have head the death anniversary party of Nick's, “there had several hundred spirits, they can testify for us.”
“In later? Why don't you attend the banquet?” Shape continues to ask, his jet black eye is flashing severe glow in the candlelight, “why can you arrive at the above corridor?”
“Because we hear to have the sound, discovers to have the danger, comes up nosing.” George Station to Harry by, he does not want to continue to listen again.
Shape at treating Harry's matter is a mad dog, he will hold any opportunity biting Harry ruthlessly. He does not care about Harry is not a murderer, does not care about Harry not to have the ability to display the certification. Who he has not cared about the murderer is, does not care who will threaten the security of school. He only wants to bite Harry, biting Harry who does not hesitate the yqi price.
“What sound do you hear? Why does not inform the teacher, why wants PJ nosing?” Shape braves to interrupt his question to George to be extremely discontented suddenly. He had seen Harry's panic expression, he gets Harry's handle quickly, almost.
“Is because is not clear, therefore we must nose, because is not clear, therefore does not facilitate to inform the teacher.” On George's face is also the strange happy expression.
“Is because is not clear, therefore we must nose, because is not clear, therefore does not facilitate to inform the teacher.”
The bonus was Harried just also pressed for an answer dumbfounded by Shape, uneasy.
But suddenly hears George this “" fairly reply, on Harry face cannot repress the smile, this answer really problem could not find.
Owen and He in one side, are also keeping off the face sensitively secretly, does not make one see their smiling faces. Shivers unceasingly the shoulder of fluctuating, can see, they endure patiently very laboriously.
Expression of Lou ha special face approval, “right, as an outstanding sorcerer this, I remembered me at the matter of Ouagadougou. Most starts me not to have the clear condition, but I, so long as rotates my brain, noses slightly, immediately”
He started to say incessantly experience of PJ, he was always able, directed the experience and PJ of PJ book anything. But sees always no one to manage him, he cannot calm down anxiously.
Shape's expression, is that arrogant the big cockerel like one bluffs and blusters, was actually pressed firmly between the fingers the neck suddenly, sends not to make noise, on his face is completely, “are you teasing me?”
But changes mind sinks, really could not actually have picked up what problem. Meets the unusual form, the's first response, but also really needs first to understand probably, under the judgment is what qngkung. At this time can decide that is PJ processing, told the teacher.
“Why you discovered exceptionally also treats there?” Shape is interrogating breathless, this braves suddenly, disrupted him in view of the repugnant fellow who Harry plans.
“Because of us at protection, preventing the murderer to come back to destroy the scene, or has the student is not careful” George is not good to deceive like Harry, the excuse is the opens the mouth.
“You, you” Shape's mentality was interrupted by George suddenly, cannot think of a better question at once, but he is not willing to give up.
“You shirk actually cleanly the matter, but you think that you didn't have the mistake?” Shape's outwardly fierce but inwardly fainthearted saying, “as the student is separated from the PJ school, is separated from the team, does not attend Halloween the evening banquet. These have not reported to the teacher, when encounters the danger, arrogant thinks that PJ can process.”
“You simply are lawless, conceited.” Shape enhanced the volume, vicious saying. He is not the good stubble, must find the excuse, the casualness can find.
“Professor said is, we will absorb this time John.” A George face sincere reply.
(To be continued.)


The difference that Chapter 126 George gives comments

These people indifferent and keeps aloof, making Fermi very disgusting. He knows, in their eyes, his such dud and Madame Liz do how many distinguish?
Such pain is worrying Fermi's heart, but he is dud, he does not have the ability to revolt.
“We have the means to cure it, Fermi.” Dumbledore is saying patiently, “Madame Sprout planted a number of mandrakes recently, waits for them to be mature, I have one medicine to solve to petrify, making Madame Liz bring back to life.”
“I come the dispensing.” Lou ha found the opportunity of interrupting especially, “I compounded over 100 times, I can also doze off, while compounds the mandrake resurrecting medicament.”
“Very sorry.” Shape coldly is saying, “I think, I was the demon medicine class teacher in this school.”
A silent silence.
“You can walk now.” Dumbledore to Harry, Owen, He keen and George said.
Finally, ended, moreover is well, Halifax the footsteps of moving fast are treading the Lou ha special office.
“I really cannot believe, Shape that bastard, even this dreadful matter must involve my head unexpectedly.” Harry also finds it hard to believe now, no matter his how repugnant Shape, at least treats as the teacher of school him.
Last year time, they had been unfair to Shape, the strong wind from afar literature, www.cfwx.net but looking back now, was is not unjust. If he really has the opportunity, Harry has not suspected now completely Shape can make any dreadful matter, he is one absolutely does not have the devil of lower limit.
“Is good because of him has not succeeded.” He comforted Harry sensitively, luckily other professors are sane.
“Thank you George.” Harry expressed gratitude toward George, thank George, when Shape falsely accused him stood.
George patted Harry's shoulder, comforts saying that “, since repugnant Shape, that becomes oneself more powerful, I had anticipated two years later, you can also completely disregard his threat like this.”
“That is natural, I must kill the man of Lord Voldemort.” Harry's unquestionable saying.
Said 1000 10,000, this world's most fundamental rules of operation or strength. Today Shape he, can slandering for no reason and falsely accuses him.
But George, Maine teaches him is stronger, can not care about Shape, is in sharp opposition with Shape.
 The Strongest Dumbledore, a word can determine his destiny. Fermi also wants to suffer him, but the dud words no one cares radically.
“You felt, I must tell them, said that sound that I hear?” Harry somewhat scruple asking, Maine teaches and Dumbledore is trustworthy, has the monster in the threat school, they have the right to know.
“Let alone.” Owen replies immediately, “hears the sound that others cannot hear, this is not a good deed, especially in magic.”
Owen thought Harry should not go looking for trouble, relieved going to school, safe, when has a vacation, that is all things' peace. Mixes in the mysterious event, often does not have the good deed.
“I thought that can tell Maine to teach.” He thought sensitively Maine teaches trusting, although she is very severe, but she really cares about the student.
“Can tell them, but I guessed that they have known.” George stuns the world.
“Have they known?” Harry, Owen, inconceivable of He sensitive face.
“Do not despise the Sir, leaves underestimates the teacher of school. No matter although the stupid person will grow up, will die of old age, but you will not think Maine to teach, will Dumbledore like Gore, Club be the same in childhood?” George cited an example.
His attempt makes the present little fellow do not have the too tremendous pressure, the security and heavy responsibility of school does not need to give them to shoulder.
Harry thinks, “Dumbledore can look like with George in childhood probably very much, perhaps Maine teaches can compare to look like with He sensitively.”
Owen also thought that Harry's analogy is very appropriate, immediately supplements one, “that Shape in childhood, one was a March.”
“Who is that Lou ha especially?” He sensitively somewhat curious asking.
Was analogies Professor to become Maine, He sensitive also feels very appropriate. George is becoming a great sorcerer, very looks like with Dumbledore. A Shape just like March.
Then the issue came, who is Lou ha especially? He sensitive face puzzled looks at Harry and Owen.
“It is not I.”
“It is not I.”
Harry and Owen refuse to become childhood Lou ha immediately special.
“Hahahaha!” This interesting scene, making them unable to bear smile, just in office depressed also dispelled boredom.
“Dumbledore, Maine teaches, they will be very since childhood astute, crossed these years, the experience and ability unusual.” George started at this time seriously to Harry they, is explaining the strength of teachers.
Harry, Owen, He sensitively is stern-faced, the nod name is, they previously truly extremely judged others by oneself, underestimated the teacher in school.
“Just in the office, Dumbledore and Maine taught inspected that cat the time, is acting in a play.” George threw an explosive information.
“Are they acting in a play?” Harry, Owen, He sensitively is a face is shocked, inconceivable.
Just they also on the scene, but all mood were disturbed, was anxious. Only was falsely accused the lesson by Shape the flurry, was taught the gratitude of defending by Maine, relief that was judged by Dumbledore.
But George's words, make them know, although they just were also at the scene, anything had not actually seen, they teach and Dumbledore Maine in acting in a play had not detected completely I in corridor, separates saw far away that cat was petrified. Even I had not previously contacted the certification, the effect that but this magic creates is extremely really tangible, does not need to inspect repeatedly. “
George so affirmed, lies in the magic present condition, is not all flowers blooming together time. Magic was too monotonous, the population are too few, the sorcerer are too few, innovation and invention also so few.
In school study is the same spell, is the identical incantations that the sorcerers use. Probably petrified such famous black magic, regarding having the sorcerer of enough story, can look.
“The performing skill that Dumbledore and Maine teach was too bad, their inspections are perfunctory completely.”
George's performing skills to two professors gave a big difference to comment, then continued to add.
“Still remembers March? What did he make in the corridor?” He asked an issue, tries to cause Harry their ponder, rather than solely listened to him to say.
(To be continued.)


Chapter 127 is not the secret

George's mentality somewhat jumps quickly, just added that Dumbledore and Maine teach are acting in a play, developing is very rotten, this news let three people of groups also in the shock, suddenly and jumps on Maria.
“March is saying anything, the secret room was opened, the enemy of successor, the next victim is” the Harry's memory to own old enemy has been good, although has not understood that George's meaning, is the honest reply.
“Wait, I remember where I in have listened to the matter of secret room, I remember that some people had said to me Hogwarts's secret room was Bill was saying probably anything is coming.” Owen grabs the head, ponders diligently.
Speaking of March, raised the secret room, he as if thought of anything. He remembers that some people have told him, but this was too long, at that time he should not care, finally has not thought.
“Do not care.” George comforted Owen, to continue saying that “, therefore you look, the secret room is not a secret, March knows, Owen also remembers some people have said.”
“Therefore Dumbledore and Maine teach, they are known completely.” The sensitive face is definitely saying, to here, she, if could not have listened to George, that was not He sensitive Grainier.
Harry also recalled, on March's had the words in corridor words, “March knew the secret room, even knows what the secret room aimed was.” He always has no way saying that dirty word.
“His strong wind from afar literature, what www.cfwx.net aim is come from the average person family the sorcerer.” He also thought sensitively, at that time March what said that the next victim was you, the mud planted.
Harry and Owen look at He to be sensitive immediately, a worry of face, the goal of that murderer unexpectedly is this.
“He keen did not want the go it alone recently, Harry and Owen your three must stay together recently.” George reminded them to protect He to be sensitive, “we also need to investigate thoroughly this matter as soon as possible, will soon solve him.”
“We will certainly protect He to be sensitive.” Harry and Owen are striking one's chest, affirmative saying.
The friends are in the danger, nothing can compared with this, be able to arouse their fighting spirits. They have fallen into the god to keep off the decide, Buddha keeps off to kill in the infinite fighting spirit of Buddha, two brave the spark.
He looks at Harry and Owen's performance sensitively, in heart one warm, is affected, saying that but does not admit defeat, “added that who does not permit is protects.” She will not lose to Harry and Owen.
The midnight ding sounded.
“12 points, everyone rested, had anything, tomorrow will say again.”
George was urging everyone first goes back to rest, the desire of fighting spirit and protection that even if they ignite, is encouraging them more energetic. But already to night, no matter anything, must wait to rest to say again.
Although there is a vital duty, but this/should attending class must continue to attend class.
Over the next several days, in surface all usual. Spare hours in secret, Harry, He is sensitive, Owen, George more thoughts placed in the secret room related hearsay.
Knows Dumbledore and Maine taught once acted in a play in the Lou ha special office, actually does not know that they acted in a play to whom looked, Harry did not have the sound that will hear temporarily, told their idea.
“Matter of secret room and certification, they have long known, even there is an arrangement. We investigate thoroughly the matter of secret room as soon as possible, avoids presenting the victim again.” Harry and Owen think like this.
Investigates thoroughly the matter of secret room as soon as possible, avoids presenting the victim again. This is very important, because the goal of murderer likely also contains He to be sensitive, because she came from the world of average person.
In the school for these days also seemed very lively, the students are discussing the Liz attacked matter.
Fermi's action is also reminding everyone every day, this matter has not passed.
He often walks back and forth in the place that Madame Liz is murdered, perhaps he wants to hold the attacker. But is possible he to become is like Madame Liz, was petrified by the murderer, like this he can accompany his only partner.
Harry also sees him to use the powerful detergent, goes all out to scour the murderer to keep the character on wall, but he wastes energy. These characters carve with the spell on the wall, the detergent simply does not have the effect, throughout sparking is flashing the glimmer on the stone wall.
Harry does not understand why the professor of school, Dumbledore has not wanted to process these handwriting, are they acting in a play to whom look? This makes him somewhat anxious.
In Ni Wesley is also anxious for the bitter experience of Madame Liz, Owen said, this is because she likes the cat.
“You did not know that Madame Liz, does not need to be worried about it.” Owen such as is persuading In Ni, “it is a very repugnant cat, without it everyone to be recently happier.”
In Ni remains unmoved, the lip shivers slightly.
“Hogwarts ignores murderer, they will not soon hold that murderer, and drives out him.” Owen is comforting In Ni, “in fact some of our also clues.”
That In Ni's complexion brushes, becomes paler, her hurried running away.
Owen cannot feel the mind gawked, has not actually pursued, he must accompany He to be sensitive.
Compares In Ni's timid being afraid of getting into trouble, He strongly was sensitively braver, as possibly attacked “mud planted”. She does not care about that stealthy murderer muddily.
Her on as always does the homework, practices the spell, she was not even curious to the matter of secret room.
Distinguished only in those days, no matter each time went. Harry and Owen, must have one person to accompany her, most of the time is they are accompanying her together.
This is not quite convenient, but Harry, Owen, George does not permit Hydro sensitive person go it alone.
This lets sensitive some not, actually has no way to reject the good intention of friend.
However today's time, matter had some changes.
“Matter of secret room is not secret.” George brought the latest news to them.
Harry, Owen, He is sitting well sensitively, waits for George to tell the story to them with total concentration.
“Hogwarts was founded in approximately in about 993 A. D., was greatest by four at that time, the most outstanding male and female sorcerer jointly founded. They with oneself name, are four schools name, they are as follows, sorceress, Rowena Latin Crowd, Helga Hatch Patch. The wizards, Sarah Has Caitlin, Goldbrick sweet orchid smell are many.”
“They constructed this castle together, avoids numb Gunmen the vision. They cooperate together, the recruitment has the magic potential young people everywhere, leads into the castle to train them.”
George is popularizing this phase of history to them.
“Why do they want to avoid numb Gun the vision? Do the sorcerers need to be afraid to numb Gun?” He raises hand to ask sensitively, she has long known this phase of history, immediately proposes, when oneself read this historical doubts.
(To be continued.)


Chapter 128 sorcerer history

George's expression is somewhat strange, is saying slowly, “said the avoidance, rather discriminates against and self- isolation.”
Harry and Owen also once avoided numb Gun the history to feel puzzled to the sorcerers, hears George's view, immediately searches the body toward the throat, wholly-absorbed is listening.
George's complexion is somewhat strange, as if some do not know how should explain, but quick calms down to start saying that “I had once said to you, the sorcerer world elementary education is not good. Many sorcerer logic, the math is very bad, all you do not need to be worried to study compared with others.”
Harry and He nods sensitively, when George once in the first grade began school on the train, like this has encouraged them. But later, their situations also confirmed George's view.
“Our result is good, was much better compared with other sorcerer families' students.” He keen full was the confidence is saying.
Their result far more than is good, their result is listed at the entire grade at forefront several. Although grade not many people, but He keen, if had not been pressed a head by George, even there is a possibility each schoolwork to take first.
Harry and Owen on He is insensitive, but the schoolwork is also outstanding, occasionally will have perfect. Their result, are better compared with March who the respected family comes.
“But this view is actually unfair, the sorcerer world actually only in the time 100 years, lost to the world strong wind from afar literature of average person, www.cfwx.net. The beforehand sorcerer world lets existence that the real world looks up.” George to comfort Harry and He is sensitive, once had spoken the malicious remarks of sorcerer world education, but this type is quite in fact unfair, this must look that is when compares.
“In other words, the beforehand sorcerer world compared with the world of average person, is much more advanced, is much fiercer.” He follows George's idea to start to associate sensitively.
More than 1000 years ago the words, England just unified at that time, is at the Anglo-Saxons years. In 1 : 00 pm, is Duke of Normandy William crosses the sea to conquer England, establishes the Normandy dynasty. He was called by the history, “vanquisher William”.
“Was advanced too many were too many, that time average person, but did not take a bath, did not clean the teeth, did not wash hair.” George lifted an image to result in the example, “their head oil Shape were many, hair Shape was dirty.”
“Wu!” Exclusion of He sensitive face.
Mentioned that Shape's hair, Harry and Owen also feel somewhat disgustingly, under he cannot wash, studying study Lou ha is especially good.
“This is only the smallest aspect, reaches as high as 30% in the mortality rate of that age baby and even more, even then aristocrat, the mean lifetimes were still less than 40.”
“100 individual Li (0.5 km), less than a person is literate, most aristocrats are not literate, few children can go to school.”
Lifts one not to wash hair, does not take a bath, the example of not cleaning the teeth although image. But eventually is only the section, the truly big life, to the life and death, revealed the fearful scene in the ancient times truly.
“Quite fearful.” Harry they were daunted by the life of ancient times people, in the ancient times was not the countryside madrigal, village little building, that was really falls behind, really poor, really dirty.
“However then sorcerer world, has the equality of the sexes, had the knowledge education, that time sorcerer world relative average person world, was in the lead inconceivable.”
George remembered then sorcerer world, found it hard to believe. Then sorcerer world, passed through like the modern people, their life, their abilities complete in advance in the whole world.
“The world of then average person was really backward.” He cannot bear say sensitively.
Even if she came from the world of average person, but thinks after that desolate age, the average person mean lifetimes less than 40, the child mortality was close to half, she must acknowledge that at that time the world of average person was really backward, distant ratio sorcerer world.
“Also because of these, mean lifetimes less than 40, close to half infant mortality. Most of the time less than 1% literacy rates, endless war with slaughtering, endless death and backwardness.” George with the gentle tone, inundates the sound to say.
Harry, Owen, He sensitively seems somewhat listless, remembers that age, except for discouraged, can only feel sorrowful.
“Sorcerers in that age, went to the African primitive tribe like the modern people, they and whole world are incompatible. They dislike this world, they cannot have a liking for this world.” George tone is somewhat elusive, as if oneself also understood at that time the situation and sentiments of sorcerers.
Harry, Owen, He was also led into that age by George's voice sensitively.
Side is the primitive barbaric average person, diminutive emaciated, year to year has not washed the body sends out the strong smell. An opens the mouth smokes the tone of person, yellow tooth, the vulgarity of mouthful.
They are vulgar, does not know the life and death, can wrestle for the honor life and death of a few words. Also, can for a benefit of place, betray all.
They can the heavy righteousness commit suicide dead, can the high interest leave depart lightly.
Their short life, indulges in sensual pleasure crazily, dreads all, longs for conquering all.
Another side is the sane arrogant sorcerer, is tall, the appearance is delicate and pretty, the body smallest bits of property are scrupulous about every detail.
They open the mouth are learned, poetry spell. The difference is the upper air nether world, no restriction of any kind. The contact is the powerhouse talented person, is not certainly small and weak.
They are sane, think oneself are not a mortal, they pursue the strength, despises small and weakly.
They can face crazy lofty making concessions of weak one, but their sane and are more like the fear to glue on the dirty thing tolerantly, they will never regard the similar lifeforms the average person. They take seriously the strength, they attach importance to the knowledge, they know the equality of the sexes, they know help each other, but these always limit to similar that they approve merely. Regarding except the similar lifeforms, they converge entirely, “dirty thing.”
“Such community arrives at the same place very much difficult to walk.” He thinks sensitively, does not know is this/should reason arrogant sorcerer gives to the average person, the small and weak many average person worships the sorcerer.
“Sorcerers dislike this world, the sorcerers cannot have a liking for this world, they cannot have a liking for similarly, similarly discrimination also has all average people in this world.” George's voice returns to the ground from the upper air, disclosed the dignified pressure.
“Is this pure blood sorcerer discriminates against the origin of numb Gun and hybrid?” He sensitive some indefinite asking, sorcerer's discrimination is not narrow-minded, is not to the persecution of weak one.
George as if can hear the sensitive idea at heart, then said, “sorcerers to numb the discrimination of Gun and hybrid all are not narrow-minded, is not to the persecution of weak one, the inheritance of more time. That time sorcerers, compared with the mortal, truly were more like half god.”
(To be continued.)


Chapter 129 Hague Wards's history

A child of birth was close to half of quantities not being able to support, most people life span less than 40, the literacy rate was less than the world of 1% average people.
In addition, the average person malnutrition, the appearance is unsatisfactorily, does not take a bath, does not clean the teeth, does not wash hair, the sanitary condition is worrying. Separating far away is the strong smell, only one opens the mouth, smokes the tone of person, yellow tooth, the vulgarity of mouthful.
In this case, arrogant being insufferably arrogant, can the sorcerer of flying escaping place, how possibly not discriminate against the average person. They the discrimination to the hemp melon like the livelihood mountains, depend on the solid land like the mountain sea, more ancient invariable.
Has such social basis, can say at first more than 1000 years of history, from Hogwarts's establishment 100 years ago. Until the flame of science before the world lights, caught the express train of science before the average person finally.
Sorcerers discrimination to average person even it can be said that logical, is hard to profane.
“Also in that sorcerers most powerful, numb Gunmen the most backward age, the sorcerers decided that separates with the hemp melon world thoroughly, they cannot endure itself to live are so dirty, backward hemp melon world.” George is saying with the light tone, on the face is the impartial expression.
It is difficult to say that at that time the decision of sorcerers was to is wrong, perhaps to some people, the sorcerers had the strength, should transform the world, helping the average person cross the strong wind from afar literature, the www.cfwx.net happy life.
But this really extremely takes for granted, only if the sorcerers grasped one set thoroughly magic knowledge that can industrialize.
Otherwise, even if the sorcerers have the powerful strength. But powerful individual also like one powerful, not applicable machine. The single machine, does not have necessary all, can this have the big use?
Then aristocrat majority was not literate, the knowledge books of sorcerers, even popularized to the average people cannot achieve. Before the scientific theory build of modern has not established, before the productive forces have not developed the certain extent, the sorcerers eventually are only a powerful weapon, they have no way to use oneself ability in a broader place.
“Hogwarts's origin is sorcerers to isolate the world of average person.” He keen Anti is completely inconceivable.
She once to the reason that Hogwarts established, has had many tentative plans. Hogwarts's establishment, possibly to transmit knowledge, possibly to inherit magic, but may also be to form alliance.
But she has not thought certainly, Hogwarts's establishment is sorcerers to be separated from the whole world, to isolate the world of average person.
“Hiss!” Harry cannot bear have a big shock, because some unexpectedly people dislike some people, is more repugnant the matter, isolated the whole world, this really does not dare to imagine, inconceivable.
“Really grew in experience.” Owen is staring, his family/home also continues many years of ancient pure Xenia Races, but he never knows these. Not is only he, he makes a bet his guardian, his elder ancestor does not know this matter.
He looks carefully to George, in the eye is to all shock and respect, “this man only depends on some historical records unexpectedly, speculated that this situation, this is what kind of fearfulness. Also, or, he has the same idea with Hogwarts's founder, can the ideas of so clear understanding these founders.”
“Truly is the great writer.” George cannot bear the admiration to such great writer, some saying of being charmed.
Is completely different from these lives in seclusion to shun the world, is different from their avoidance chaos caused by war, avoids the disaster. Then sorcerers compared the world of average person, powerful inconceivable.
If the present world, the world of average person, has destroyed the strength of sorcerers, in that ancient wild age, the sorcerers has the fearful strength of destroying all human.
In that ancient wild age, the sorcerer is true being insufferably arrogant, just like gods.
They not only look down upon numb Gun, because they even discriminate against numb Gun, even the whole world discriminates together, isolates together.
They seriously were arrogant to the extreme, but also pitiful to the extreme.
The sane arrogant sorcerer, is tall, the appearance is delicate and pretty, the body smallest bits of property are scrupulous about every detail. They open the mouth are learned, poetry spell. The difference is the upper air nether world, no restriction of any kind. The contact is the powerhouse talented person, is not certainly small and weak.
They are sane, think oneself are not a mortal, they pursue the strength, despises small and weakly. They take seriously the strength, they attach importance to the knowledge, they know the equality of the sexes, they know that helps each other.
But they are the whole world are incompatible, but they are the dissociation outside this world.
The world is not their, in the world proliferates is not their similar.
The world is them to be afraid the contamination these, “dirty thing.”
The world is these primitive barbaric average people, belongs to these, diminutive emaciated, year to year has not washed the body sends out the strong smell, the mouthful vulgar average person.
They are vulgar, does not know the life and death, can wrestle for the honor life and death of a few words. Also, can for a benefit of place, betray all.
They can the heavy righteousness commit suicide dead, can the high interest leave depart lightly.
Their short life, indulges in sensual pleasure crazily, dreads all, longs for conquering all.
But is this vulgar barbarian is being found in the whole world, their dirtiness and backward, even makes the sorcerers not be willing to stay in this world.
The sorcerers have the fearful destructive power, does not have the ability change world, even does not have the ability adaptation world.
The sorcerers have the fearful strength of destroying all human, does not have the ability instruction knowledge, without the ability enables human to grasp the magic, does not have the ability to make many similar.
Although the sorcerers do not have the ability to change this world, but has no interest in making this dirty backward world change itself.
They refuse to stay together with the vulgar person rejects to become the Spiritual God of vulgar person, refuses to bluff and bluster in the dirty backward world, they isolated the whole world finally.
“After sorcerers isolated the entire dirty world, starts to establish the pure state of sorcerers, this is magic and Hogwarts's origin.” George's voice is somewhat low and deep.
The sorcerer world starts in a happy tentative plan, but all happy tentative plans do not have the significance. The world is not the dependence tentative plan, depends upon the good intention to revolve. The sorcerers are not monsters, is not the unprincipled person, but only with good intention, only then the tentative plan, that does not have the significance.
“Hogwarts established, everywhere the young people who four founders recruit the magic potential, lead into the castle to train them, establish they imagine belong to the pure state of sorcerers.”
“But quick, they also had the difference. In the purity of sorcerer, Skye Bring and several other founders had the serious difference. Skye Bring thinks that this pure sorcerer state, the student of recruitment should be harsher. The sorcerer who he only approves the pure magic family is his similar, he rejects the child who received the hemp melon family born, thinks that they were unreliable.”
(To be continued.)


Chapter 130 Skye Bring successor

“Finally, Skye Bring because of this thorough difference, left the school.”
At this point, George stopped, was the most important part, he continued to say.
“Legend, before Skye Bring leaves the school, left behind a secret room in the castle. He hid a monster in the secret room, and sealed up this secret room with the magic. Until his successor goes to the school again, will emit this monster, makes to slaughter in the school, eliminates the unchaste sorcerer student.”
Harry, He is sensitive, Owen, silent the long time, the hearsay of secret room involved to more than 1000 years ago characters unexpectedly, seriously is inconceivable.
“Skye Bring is an anomaly.” He keen as is the appraisal.
“Luckily other three founders not like him stupid.” Owen is frowning saying that “, if the pure magic family's children can be the sorcerer, the sorcerer has exterminated.”
“In secret room what monster can be?” Does asking of Harry somewhat doubts, “really have the monster to live for more than 1000 years?”
“More than 1000 years of monsters, should die?” He keen indefinite saying, this simply is more inconceivable than the philosopher's stone and Lord Voldemort, “it what secret room, if really, it eats what?”
“This perhaps, it is said 50 years ago the secret room had opened, but these will not record in the book, only then the teachers in school will know the strong wind from afar literature, www.cfwx.net. However, if the really monster, that is not difficult to guess correctly.” After all only then several days of time, George also has many other things to do, the matter of secret room also can only understand this situation.
“What monster can that be?” Harry, Owen and He like the curious baby, are winking sensitively the eye of shining, is somewhat curious, asking of some fears.
“Magic can live for more than 1000 years, the use certification attacks. Skye Bring raises, can by Skye Bring's successor control, not be needed the brain to guess correctly, only then the snake was strange.” Saying that George thinks otherwise, unknown is the true fearfulness, once knows the possible danger, had many ways.
“Skye Bring's school insignia is a snake.” He keen relates in Skye Bring's symbol immediately.
“Skye Bring is a snake man cavity.” Owen also adds immediately, “with the snake speech is the Sarah Has Caitlin famous symbol, he can speak with the snake, and controls them, people manage him to call the snake the language to pass.”
“Therefore Skye Bring's successor, is a snake man cavity. He can open the secret room, controlling the snake was strange, making the snake blame to attack Madame Liz.” Lizard the chin, was relating all clues with the train of thought.
The bell rang, finally was somebody's turn magic history class conclusion, this is Harry in their class schedule is most boring, the most arid curriculum.
Among all teaching teachers, Professor Binds who only then teaches this schoolwork is a ghost. His grade very old, on the face is the wrinkle. Attends class each time, he will pass through the blackboard to enter the classroom.
Many people think that he had not detected oneself had died, one day, he like the past attended class. He had not detected, kept on the body teachers and administration staff lounge the rocking chair of before fireplace.
Since that day, his condition kept that moment, every day unshakable is handling the same matter, every day on time attending class.
“Although I admire professional that Professor Binds died must attend class very much, but I must say, his class was too bad.” Owen cannot bear the complaint, he did not say harmless, “perhaps the school did not need to give him to pay the wage.”
Professor Binds requested them to write one over three feet “medieval sorcerer comprehensive work” thesis, Owen light/only thinks of this point, the head became first two big.
“I really want Hogwarts establishes write about the history and reason that George, guarantees can frighten him to jump. Although he had turned into the spirit, but I think that he will be frightened by these shocking news.” Owen tone is definitely saying.
“He keen has used the dense and numerous small characters, wrote four feet, perhaps you can ask her.” Harry looks at the keen who takes the lead, some did not say definite.
“OK, she will not make me look at her thesis, she assigns to say oneself write to have harvests.” Owen has been able to guess correctly that He keen will give his reply.
Harry thinks, the nod said that “this reply He is very sensitive.”
He of taking the lead got down the footsteps sensitively slowly, “I hear you to discuss me in the back.” Her face suspected that said.
Owen denies immediately, “absolutely does not have, we were discussing why the similar history, Professor Binds can say aridly tastelessly. Did George say actually fascinatingly, fire imagination?”
“When I almost can feel the ancient sorcerer established Hogwarts, to the disappointment of the whole world. They fall behind the dirty world repugnant, does not have the ability to change all these. They are not willing to be changed by this contamination, therefore chose isolated with the world. That is how valuable courage, how profound dismal.”
Harry in the experience that Vernon mother's sister's husband that Dual Via lives under subjugation, making him be able to realize, that type as if with the entire world for feeling sad and frustration of enemy.
“That's true, even I have no way in this class the centralized spirit in Professor Binds.” Frustration of He sensitive face, even in the repugnant Shape's demon medicine class, she can positive raising hand answer the issue. Although Shape will never call her name, but she can attain the high score in the demon medicine class.
Three people all are the heart have the intimacy, George told the historical story more interesting. Without story, without the mood, who is willing to listen to the dry history, key this history also not necessarily real.
Historical half are the guess, half are the prejudice, even story no history, even guessed and significance of prejudice does not have.
“You believe, who Skye Bring's successor is? In the school who is the snake man cavity?” He keen asked the previous time carry-over topic, this issue has puzzled her several days.
But is very obvious, she is not familiar with Skye Bring's person, whom has no way to guess correctly to be Skye Bring's successor.
Similarly, person who Harry and Owen are not familiar with Skye Bring, at once, they also fell into racking one's brains.
“Perhaps we can think from a different angle, who most hopes dud also has the people who numb Gun comes to expel Hogwarts?” He is testing a new angle to open up the perspective sensitively.
“Skye Bring's people hate dud and numb Gun, they think dud and numb Gun comes is the trash and waste.” Harry somewhat depressed saying, “I make a bet, so long as there is an opportunity, Skye Bring's everyone can want to become the successor, controlling that snake is strange.”
(To be continued.)


Chapter 131 snake is strange

“Oh, good, you said very right, we reached the impasse.” He shrugs sensitively, acknowledged Harry's view. Skye Bring is one group of bastards, each of them felt oneself is a cut above others, wishes one could to think that them the unchaste students expel the school.
“Can be March?” Owen to Skye Bring most familiar except for March, was Shape, naturally most repugnant was also they.
“Also may be Shape.” In Harry's tone is passing the thick evil intention.
“Do not crack a joke, March has the possibility, Shape is how possible.” He keen can feel Harry's complaint, but still snorted contemptuously to this guess, “Shape stayed in this school so many years, must make a move, has acted.”
Is listening to He's sensitive words, Owen at present one bright, “right, is not Shape, he so many years in school. But March and we are the same, he second grade. He just stood firm in the school, immediately starts the impatient making a move attack school schoolmate.”
“Like this said words that the newborn possibility is truly big.” He keen Min the lip is transferring the train of thought that secret room opens will not have the indication. The student strength of first grade is insufficient, higher grades has the opportunity to act, March just arrived at the second grade, was just actually good.
“I guess that is he.” Owen impolite saying, “you listened to him to add, next was your strong wind from afar literature, www.cfwx.net, the mud planted. Actually he is bluffing and blustering, is threatening, shows off own attack. You looked at him at that time that ugly mouse face, George presented that he referred to erratically says more words.”
“March is Skye Bring's successor.” Saying of some He sensitive suspicions, but still followed this mentality to infer.
“Thinks their family members.” Harry also approves this inference more and more, starts to deduce the detail unceasingly, “their family is Skye Bring, Lucius March is an evil food dead disciple. Their family takes Skye Bring as the honor, they are very ancient pure Xenia Races, the discrimination hybrid and numb Gun, likely they are Skye Bring's descendants.”
“Is this, perhaps they are grasping the place of secret room, the key of secret room, they hid several centuries.” Owen also even more affirmed that oneself deduction, “they pass from generation to generation downward, the father passes to the son.”
“Other Skye Bring may not have is so easy to find the secret room, after all the teacher in this school, Dumbledore does not even know that which the secret room, me cannot imagine others how to discover this secret room.” Although Harry thought that Dumbledore some are not quite credible, but highly believes Dumbledore's strength.
“This really has the possibility very much.” He also somewhat approved sensitively, she was convinced by these evidence quickly.
“We need to find the way to confirm that Smart OK is a snake man cavity.” Owen gave an idea.
“Good mentality, we can think well.” Harry and He also thought sensitively this is a good breach.
On corridor, He sensitive anxious crosses the step back and forth, somewhat restless es.
Nearby Owen depends on a pillar, is looking around, suddenly his eye one bright, “Harry came back.”
“How did George say?” He sensitive anxious asked toward Harry, if George had the means that she did not want to use oneself means.
Harry runs over, he stops the footsteps, is bending the body, two hands support on the knee. Saying that slow some little time, panted.
“Is George does not care about March a successor, he does not believe that Dumbledore does not know the matter of secret room, he said that his research the critical moment, said lets the monster of Dumbledore and secret room plays the egg.” At this point, Harry stopped, then face irritable continuation is saying, “George said that he is very busy, then threw several cockerels to me, saying the cockerel can protect us.”
“?” He sensitive some cannot believe that inconceivable of face.
She has thought perhaps George meets does not approve of March is a successor, naturally also possibly approves. Also, has thought George will make them process, naturally will also possibly help them think of the means that but doesn't care what's the matter?
Harry looks at the sensitive doubts, immediately answers, “is such matter, George thinks that Dumbledore has oneself plan, he with Maine teaches, when Lou ha special office, when inspecting Madame Liz has been acting in a play.”
“Snake blames the place that attacks for the first time, the writing on wall they not to process. George thinks that Dumbledore has planned in secret, he thinks that Dumbledore can deal with all these.”
Hears these, He's sensitive expression relaxed, originally is this, asking that she is unwilling.
“George strange is not curious to the snake, wasn't worried? We have known the monster of secret room, knows it by Skye Bring's snake man cavity control. We have been close to the truth, only misses a wee bit can hold the murderer, our what does not do, is waiting for Dumbledore's plan?”
If anything does not know from the beginning, perhaps He meets is also willing to avoid sensitively troublesome. But now they have known, the secret room is Skye Bring's secret room, in the secret room hides over 1000-year-old snake to be strange. This snake strangely by Skye Bring's snake man cavity control, likely this person is March. They to the truth tentacle may, stopped at this time, how to be resigned.
“Yes, we, so long as determined that March is the snake man cavity, determined that March controlled the snake to be strange, we can catch him, expelled the school him.” Owen does not feel willing, they only have the one pace to the truth. Immediately can hold the murderer, can expel the school March, how at this time can stop.
“I do not want to let off March, such anything does not do. But George said his research the critical moment, even if Dumbledore looked for him, he will still make Dumbledore play the egg.” Harry's complexion is somewhat strange, George displays his first seeing like this, like a crazy scientist.
“What is George's research?” Hears here, some He sensitively also curious George's research are anything.
Harry thinks, shakes the head, “is not clear, but I want to should better not to disturb him recently, but he gave us the protection to take measures.”
Harry takes is folding the paper from clothes inside pocket, opens it, handed He sensitively at present, Owen also extends the excessive this paper, on the paper writes.
The snake strange is one type is fearful, very dangerous monster, according to the legend, it is by named “despicable Here” a Greek black sorcerer of meeting snake man cavity cultivates. Their build is huge, the life span is long, can live at least for several hundred years. They hatch the Duke egg to hatch with the toad, they have the unusual ability, is extremely dangerous.
(To be continued.)


Chapter 132 cockerel and powerful medicament

The snake has the fatal venomous fang strangely, the eyes of charm, their gazing at fixedly can die. They often prey on the spider, is the natural enemy of spider, but the snake fears the cockerel strangely, they will hear the cry of cockerel to escape in a panic, the cry of cockerel strange will be fatal to the snake.
“Good, cannot think that such fearful snake will be afraid the cockerel strangely unexpectedly, perhaps we should buy many cockerels to lose to Skye Bring go.” Owen shrugs, since now knows how to cope with the snake to blame, that had nothing fearfully.
“Here said that snake strange gazing at fixedly can die, why was Madame Liz petrified?” Saying of some He sensitive doubts.
“Possibly was that snake blames hungrily in the secret room several hundred years, how many strengths was hungry not, or does March want to control him to expel the school the student?” Harry not too definite reply.
“In this case, could convince, previous time we saw Madame Liz to be attacked there to have the spider to run around.” Owen repugnant spider, therefore he is profound to that scene memory.
He supplements, “that we should find the way to look for a cockerel.”
“Did not need to think, George has bought many cockerels to transport. The activity room of mutual aid association kept several to us, I just anxiously running over, has not gone to take.” A Harry face is saying strangely, thinks that must bring the big cockerel over the following several days along, that picture, is really somewhat awkward.
Strong wind from afar literature, www.cfwx.net “good, for security, brings the cockerel also to have nothing along. But we consider as finished as this, is waiting for Dumbledore plan that safely no one knows in secret?” He sensitively somewhat discouraged, somewhat unwilling asking.
Harry flexure the head, was somewhat saying reluctantly, “, only if you have any good way.”
He also then said, “good, I think that I should also prepare my GUI to compete wonderfully, perhaps the snake like George said strangely, without is so formidable.”
“Perhaps I really have the means.” He keen Lao the lip, she is not wanting with own means that but seems like this now is only chooses.
“What means?” Owen to holding March, driving away March is interested.
“We can enter the Skye Bring's common room, directly asked March, so long as he did not recognize us, he will be very easy to show off is in itself a fact of snake man cavity.” He is saying sensitively calmly.
“You are cracking a joke.” Owen has turned the background, this is not funny.
“It is not the joke, so long as we use some recrudescence decorations.” He continues to answer sensitively, “Shape's has mentioned in several weeks ago class.”
“, Several weeks ago?” A face does not believe that then who could also remember long ago.
“Although Shape moral behavior is very bad, but his demon medicine level is very profound.” Appraisal that He keen told the facts.
“Oh!” Harry shows neither approval nor disapproval, whom without comparing knows that he believes Professor Sprout and George's demon medicine will not lose to Shape. Although he cannot distinguish completely, but he believes, is willing to believe.
“Compound prescription decoration can turn into another person you, student who we can turn into three Skye Bring, these people will not discover absolutely. Then March will say all things, perhaps he boasts in the Skye Bring's common room now.” He keen said oneself means.
Although she too does not hope with this means that but George is not interested in the matter of secret room, now also only then this means.
“This matter is a little dangerous, I thought that recurs what decoration to be not necessarily reliable.” Owen is frowning, saying of some worries, “, if we turned into Skye Bring, then cannot change, that may be miserable.” He imagines withstanding/top a body of stranger, for example Club's body, that was too bad.
He hit to tremble, immediately shakes the head, “was not good.”
“Drug efficacy one will vanish, you should the mufti- expert credit.” He keen impatient waving, Owen thinks that she is glad to turn into others very much?
This means all things want her to process personally, troublesome. If there are other means that who is willing to use this means.
He keen Die was glancing Owen one eyes, the unstated criticism, “you cannot find out any good way at heart secretly, knows that did not say good.”
Immediately she also said awkwardly, “must get so far as with is not only then easy, Shape has said that the formula can be called «powerful Medicament» book in one, but it definitely in banned book area.”
Must from banned book area borrowing books, probably attain a teacher genuine signature agreement written note of instruction, this is not easy.
“We may have no reason to borrow that book.” Owen continues to throw the cold water, “we demodulate this medicament.”
He keen Deng eye, some saying of competition, “, so long as we pretended to say to the teacher, was interested in this set of theory, a little hopes.”
“Forget it, the teacher will not be easy to be swindled.” Owen said with something else in mind, “, only if they really stupid to the extreme.”
Saying that He keen is not convinced, “looks that I will get so far as it.”
He sensitive spiteful must attain that «powerful Medicament», this opportunity came quickly.
Black magic defense technique class, what as is always a joke. Although since had the farce of little elf, Lou ha especially does not dare the living creature to take into the classroom, but this class therefore does not become normal.
Lou ha especially in classroom, big segment Dada read the story in own book to the students listens, the entire classroom turned into his opera stage.
He one will chant, one will sing loudly, one will dance with joy, one will echo what others say.
But what most makes Harry dislike, Lou ha would develop especially some strange dramatic fragments. At this time he was forced to become the Lou ha special actors and items, he has, one become one to be exerted villagers who spat the froth spell. One will become caught cold the Himalayas snowman, one will turn into a vampire, eats the vampire of radish.
Today, he turned into a werewolf. And, to let Lou ha was especially happy, he must today very positive coordination.
“!” Harry exudes the ashamed cry, made the exaggerating posture, the ear has been burning, on the face must pretend that a face was fierce.
“Called well, Harry, you were really a savage beast, too like, is.” Especially Lou ha non-stop is praising Harry, but this will only make Harry feel more ashamed.
He has come back to hint the student, “, but, so long as I as soon as throws, so long as such, fierce throws down him. I him according to arriving in the place, with another hand takes the magic wand, resists his throat.”
“I and he fought, suppressed him, is putting forth a been lost complex profound spell. He sent out the miserable pitiful yell.”
(To be continued.)


Chapter 133 compound prescription decoration

Lou ha draws Harry to dance with joy on the stage especially, the convenience easy-to-use Harry item, being used of having one's wish uses.
“Harry, is this, then cries out. Right, right, in high. Expression in rich, very good.”
“Then his wool, the sharp fang vanished, he turned into an average person, I saved him, I saved the village. This village will always remember that forever my saves their heroes, I let them avoid each month by the fearful destiny that the werewolf attacks.”
Finally, in Harry's experiencing one day like a year, the bell resounded finally.
Lou ha continued especially, “, but this needed the excel strength, only then I such powerful sorcerer can achieve, do not think imitated.”
“Finally, is the homework, you need to defeat the werewolf deeds to write a hymn according to me. Been able to write can obtain my genuine signature «My Meets Magic» that! Good, thank my generous, you gained in a big way.” Lou ha shows the signboard -type smile especially, reveals the sparking white tooth.
The schoolmates left, Harry arrives at the classroom back row, Owen and He keen positive/correct waits there.
“Was OK.” Harry said low voice, encouraging He to be sensitive.
He looked around sensitively, “everyone walk away.” Then she gave herself to rouse encouraging, “OK.”
She toward speaking the strong wind from afar literature, that side www.cfwx.net stage Lou ha walks especially, in the hand closely grabs a paper, shivering slightly, Owen and Harry follow in her behind.
“The Lou ha special education give.” Some He sensitive stutter said, “I think I want from the library taking advantage of a book, to understand some backgrounds from the book.”
In she is raising hand the note, goes all out to control does not make the hand shiver too fiercely, “, but, this book was being collected in the banned book area of library, needs the signature agreement of teacher, can borrow. I believe, borrows this book, can make me understand that you in «with Food Corpse Ghost Peer» in has written the toxic ant of ambush outbreak.”
“, Is that «And Food Corpse Ghost Peer»!” Lou ha received the paper from the sensitive hand especially, the whole face warm smile, reveals the sparking white tooth, “this perhaps was a most satisfied book, did you like it?”
“Oh, likes certainly.” He is saying sensitively warmly, on the face squeezes more smiling faces, “you use the filter to hold the final food corpse ghost, was really fierce.”
Is listening to He's sensitive praise, is listening to her in the fine bridge section speaking of book, Lou ha smiled especially happily, “graciousness, I believe, everyone has no reason to oppose, I gave the most outstanding student to provide the little extra help.” He extracts a fine magnificent peacock writing brush, signed his name with the attractive decorated letter.
“Yes, it is very attractive, is good.” On the Lou ha special face is the happy smile, “I generally only in the book signs uses it.”
The turning up note that He is thrown into confusion sensitively, admitted own backpack.
Lou ha looked at Harry especially, continued saying that “Harry, was the first GUI of this season will compete tomorrow wonderfully, the standard sweet orchid smell mufti- schools confronted Skye Bring. I heard that you are very outstanding looking player, that is really good, like I am young the time.”
“I at that time was also the fiercest looking player, they must allow me to participate in the national team. But I rejected, I hope that my lifetime experience, uses to eliminate evilly. However, if you need some team masters' instructions, I can give the private lesson to you. You can look for me, I am glad to pass on my experience very much to the young people, this will make you have the harvest greatly.”
Harry muttered ambiguously, following in a hurry must leave the classroom in the keen and Owen behind.
“Really cannot believe.” Three people of groups careful when is looking at carefully the signature on note, inconceivable of Harry face, “he had not looked what completely we want to borrow is what book.”
“Because he is an idiot, absolutely does not have the brain.” Owen indignant disturbed, he rather does not have these, rather cannot borrow this book, they had the big cockerel in any case, does not need to be worried that the snake is strange.
“This is because what I use is a good way, naturally can attain the thing that we want.” He sensitive face relaxed saying, forgot her flurry and anxiety completely.
“Lets him do what he pleases, in any case needs succeeding in obtaining.” Owen follows they to move toward the library with something else in mind.
Entered the peaceful depressed library, they did not lower the sound voluntarily, Madame even in Si library is not a person who is easy getting along with.
Said accurately, she is a temperament very hot tempered thin astute woman, she like a vulture of malnutrition, looked that all students look like the prey that regards to catch.
“«powerful Medicament»?” Discussing of her face doubt, has grasped the paper from the sensitive hand.
Madame even Si is lifting up high the note high, is illuminating to the ray illuminated, finally determines it not forges. She took big strides entered the high bookshelf that held up the head, separated for several minutes, she walked, in the hand takes one thick is clamping the mildew smell book.
He sensitive careful admitted the backpack the book, several own footsteps quietly, avoid too quickly, exposes anxiety at heart.
After ten minutes, they arrive at the myrtle of sob was staying that worn-out washroom, since the myrtle suffers the female student who all comes to here to go to bathroom crazily, here hardly knows some people to come.
Owen does not want to enter the ladies' room, but his opposition does not have the function. He sensitive natural pointing out, because of the mind normal person, does not want to come to here, therefore here is safest.
Like this their actions will not be found by others, as for the myrtle of sob, she cries her, called her, so long as did not pay attention to her to be good. They do not need to dull is very here long.
He opened «powerful Medicament» sensitively cautiously, three people are collecting the head, reads the above dense and numerous writing and illustration.
No wonder this book is listed as the banned book, the medicament in book, some were really fearful. Does not dare to imagine simply, how the sorcerer will think of such medicament.
And a fearful illustration, a person was turned from inside to outside, the flesh and blood thorough reveal outside, is fearful and disgusting. Is more fearful, on a head of sorceress emitted many arms, must look like the evil spirit compared with the evil spirit monster.
He keen does not dare to look at these fearful medicament, her fast turning looks for the compound prescription decoration, the mouth is talking over, “compound prescription is here.” She is saying excitedly, is pointing at recrudescence decoration that several words with the hand.
Harry may having no way cheer up, he following the sensitive finger, saw several villains on illustration, they are turning into other person. But on the face full is the extremely painful expression, Harry did not feel, this is only to draw attractively.
(To be continued.)


Chapter 134 is young

“I have not seen compared with this also complex medicament.” He glances over this formula sensitively, the whisper said, “leech, flows the fluid grass, the chrysopa Perl insect, two ear grass these are not difficult to get so far as.”
She has slid ingredients with the hand, how while said to obtain them. “In the safe of student can find, we can take directly. Oh, two horns beast the powder of corner/horn, this is not easy to look, boom slang skin fragment this is not easy to look, some things of person want to change, is mainly these troublesome.”
“You're meaning?” Owen's sharp asking, “besides this big bunch of troublesome things, we must that person some things of body, if want to change? I may not drink the medicament that Club's toenail makes absolutely.”
He does not pay attention to Owen's complaint sensitively completely, she continues saying that “worries about these also early, these are need to put finally.”
Looking that Owen has no alternative to Harry, Harry cannot endure patiently.
His resigned-looking asking, “you had not discovered how many things we do want to steal? He keen? Boomerang skin to break, two horns beast the powder of corner/horn, the storage rooms of these students simply do not have, where do we go to steal? Goes to Shape's warehouse, this may absolutely not be a great idea.”
He keen Pa one book numerous closes, “, if you are afraid, wants to escape, no, that is very good.”
Her some were not happy, matter arrived at this « long « wind « article « study, www.cfwx.net situation. The decision is under her, the means are she think that the signature is she takes, the book is she borrows. At this time Harry they want to withdraw, this may really be a good friend.
On her face is bright blushing, a stubbornness of face, “I do not want to violate the school regulation, you know. But I know, threatens person who numb Gun comes, must expel the school them entirely, this compared with the illegal school regulation, the medicament bad hundred times of things that the mixture is more complex. However, if you do not want to know that is March does, my goes to give back to Madame even Si the book.”
“I have not thought that actually, you will one day urge us to violate the school regulation.” Owen shrugs, helpless saying, “who lets us is a friend, that is good, but, don't with toenail ?” He pleaded sincerely.
“How long do this liquid medicines want to match probably?” Harry is impossible to throw down oneself friend, that only then went ahead.
He's sensitive mood relaxed finally, shot a look at the present two people, the secretly thought, “is good.”
She opened the book, “I have a look, flowing the fluid grass must be the full moon time picks, the chrysopa Perl insect needs to boil the system 20 days continuously. I calculate, the ingredient complete words, one month were enough.”
“Oh, thank God, only takes one month.” Owen felt that oneself determination, like fought with the fists on the cotton, “waited till that time, March has knocked down school half of hemp melons.”
Is seeing He keen Mi the eye, the cold light in eye, Owen is too busy added that “we need to hurry to act, this is we now the best way.”
When they leave the washroom, Owen in behind quietly to Harry whisper, “you will hit tomorrow simply from the broom March, like this we saved the big trouble, is well with everything.”
Does not calculate that small room, because of displaying bookshelf, desk, a bed, but seems somewhat cramped.
Kate sits on a desk stool, she is sizing up all around ornaments, selected the eyebrow, “your here also is really enough simple.”
Except for the bookshelf, the desk and bed, on all around wall have not decorated. The wall surface was whitewashed snow white, by the window natural lighting, in the room appears bright, monotonous.
“I am willing to paste on the posters of some stars on the wall actually, but was seen is not good by others after all.” George sits well before the desk, in the hand a fountain pen, writes and picture in the notebook, writes assumptions, extends deductions.
“Will you also care about the views of others?” Kate has turned the head, somewhat looks at George curiously, “will people like you also care about the views of others?”
George said ill-humoredly, “told me with black fiendish person, I am very amiable, will consider for others good.”
“Amiable non- delegates'conference cares about the views of others, you fear the trouble.” Kate sharply points out indifference in George bone.
George shrugged, thinks otherwise said, “not so, can I also educate others how to have the auspicious day?”
The person who that the bored person, has not lived, will worry to interfere with others' day.
“Also right, but you are not the person who will care about others view.” Kate insisted this view, she continues saying that “Skye Bring's snake is strange, you had almost found the truth, immediately can hold the murderer. But you have actually hidden in the room recently, does not know that is planning anything.”
Even Kate, still ascertains airtight to George's plan. The snake of Skye Bring secret room is strange, this can threaten the monster of school, even the teacher is still very difficult to cope with it alone. But George is actually discovering the truth the critical moment, suddenly stopped, this truly makes people very difficult to imagine.
George knits the brows, has not stopped the pen in hand, to continue saying that “you are too young, is too naive.”
Kate purses the lips, the appraisal that she does not like many, most does not like included is said was young and naive, “obviously you also compared with me passable.”
“This named mental age, the high-spiritedness of young fellow, fantasizes saves the world, this is standard matching of young people.” What George said is the real soul talk, this is not a derogatory meaning. Talked into the world not easy two characters of person, but if a reason point. Knows, even the world of child, still did not have the easy two characters.
The only difference, is only, the child facing all being incapable, can only accuse itself, their no other ability. But the adult knows finally, a lot cannot continue, not concerns itself, at this time can choose to give up.
In fact, stops, rest, or gives up, these are not the derogatory meaning. These also choose, is the ability, can give up truly is also the valuable ability.
No matter Buddhist “spatial”, Taoism “quiet”, these are hold to read put down the later calm and comfortableness.
The young people long for changing the world, longs for conquering the world, but they are absolutely impossible to achieve. The world by the idea, never will never be changed, the world will only follow the resistance the smallest direction, flowing recklessly.
The grade big point person, no longer goes to the empty talk, no longer discussed the world. But does not represent them not to have the ability change world, does not represent them not to have the ability to affect the world.
(To be continued.)


Chapter 135 whose domain who takes responsibility

In fact the world is grasping in these keeps silent, silent remains silent “old person” in hand. They remain silent to get rich, they became this world's largest resistance, the world under their influences, can only walk toward the other aspect.
“No matter how, control in school are Dumbledore, is these teachers, is these professors.” George sees very clearly.
Although possibly in the story, Harry is the lead. But in the final analysis, the story is not the reality. Controls the school truly, the control being bewitched legal community brightly at the same time strength, the one who resists truly darkness is Deng Bulk. Harry from beginning to end, is only a board game piece in Dumbledore hand.
“Therefore, you thought what plot Dumbledore has, what has to plan?” Kate indefinite is asking.
“Since we know, only has the one pace from the truth, you think that Dumbledore doesn't know?” George asked Kate.
Dumbledore must know these things, since knows, naturally can have the arrangement and counter measures.
“Is our, waiting Dumbledore's plan?” Kate understands George's meaning, she also believes that Dumbledore does not know, but she like the keen, is unwilling to hold the last minute of murderer to stop.
George has turned the head, staring of entire gods Kate's eyes, “, therefore I said that this is the mentality of young fellow, the young fellow always fantasizes from the strong wind from afar literature, a www.cfwx.net oneself person on solution all issues, they counted on a person can save the world.”
George's dedicated staring, making Kate somewhat embarrassed, her face feels hot slightly, is saying ill-humoredly, “elder George who that our great people, remain silent to get rich, is your view?”
“We can help investigate, can offer the suggestion, whom even can find out possibly is the murderer.” George, aggravated the tone at this point, “, but we cannot make the decision directly, rules the murderer directly, deals with the issue directly.”
“, Your meaning is!” Intelligent Kate responds immediately, is saying meaningfully, “decision-making power must return to Dumbledore hand.”
George commended looked at Kate, continued saying that “was this, Dumbledore was control in school, we can help him investigate, give him to suggest, but we cannot make the decision for Dumbledore.”
George is looking all around of room, to continue saying that “this dormitory is me now, I can paste on the poster of star on the wall, thing that even various I like.”
“But, this dormitory is not really me. Also, will have others to come here, even if I do not care about others' view. But I know the restraint, knows that considered for others. Therefore, I will not add on the incantation of recognition here, in addition wicked incantation of protection.”
Hears here, Kate's look is flashing the inexplicable brilliance, exciting saying, “originally I am not a person, I also think, only then I think, adds on the recognition incantation in own bedroom, in addition wicked incantation of protection.”
Immediately she not happy saying, “words that but I really do that my mother will scold me, she one will blast out my door, turns the evidence that looks for does not have in my room.”
“Therefore you must have a truly own room, must otherwise, your secret and thing do not hide in the room.” George deep is so said, the true own private space, will not allow others to enter.
Had this example, Kate also very good to understand George's idea, “, therefore here is Dumbledore's domain, we stay overnight in somebody's home here. We can help him investigate, can provide the suggestion, but we cannot regard our domain here, we cannot make the decision for Dumbledore.”
Kate supplemented, “especially he has the plan time, we cannot be were only happy, spoiled Dumbledore's plan.”
She, is in addition one, “after all here is his domain.”
Kate had stayed for six years in the school, sometimes school like family/home. Even here no one looks, no one controls, here is more comfortable than the family/home. But she knows what George said is right, here is not her domain, here is not her family/home. Even parents' family/home is not her domain, is not her family/home.
Only then she can add on the recognition incantation, can add on protection the bedroom of wicked incantation, can protect her secret the place, can be her family/home.
“A person does not have the means to complete all things, after you handled something, but must stay behind room to others. Let them have the space of decision and choice, rather than makes the result that can only accept.” The George righteousness expression is saying.
Kate nods, “the matter that can only accept, may calculate that not good suggestion, we truly cannot overstep authority and get involved in another's affairs.” She looks at George, cannot bear admire his foresight and wisdom.
Then George's serious tone, suddenly becomes extremely not proper, “naturally the matter of primary importance, because I now am very busy, I am being disinclined manage Dumbledore to have anything to plan the plot. Even if he makes me discover the snake to be strange, I will still make he himself play at the same time.”
“You!” Kate cannot bear smiling of has no alternative, just admiration turns immediately speechless.
“What matter is so important? In the ancient times did the research of spell have the progress? In the ancient times spell practice, I had no progress, I somewhat suspected how in the ancient times the sorcerer learned these spells.” Her some hidden bitterness is looking at George, said that she confessed the talent is not bad, the study has the modern spell, is handy.
But did not have the progress in the ancient spell, making her always unable to bear suspect that these spells had the issue. But George can display, controls these spells. But must make her acknowledge that is the difference of talent, she does not recognize absolutely. After all on grasping of modern spell, she confessed that will not lose to George.
George hesitated the moment, “the study of ancient spell, I did not have a better way, can only the mufti- spend some time in contemplating the promotion of technique, I want to contemplate am the ancient spell key.”
Mentioned in the ancient times in the spell, the progress of George was not big, although he also knows that this is not a road that was easy to take, otherwise Dumbledore, Lord Voldemort will not put this road not to walk.
Through the ages, envied in the ancient times the great strength of spell, wants to recover in the ancient times the spell sorcerer is not a few. But in the ancient times the spell vanished in the history finally, naturally has the reason.
But must say that he not lucky, does not have to feel own different ideas, that is not. If he thought that oneself will be the same with others, will not put the thoughts in the ancient spell.
The heart has the luck eventually, but the final actual result, his truly Ticket easily grasped the ancient spell foundation, but also that is all.
(To be continued.)


Chapter 136 spirit book

“In void, through reciting causes element resonating with the psychic force, constructs the spell by this. Such difficulty was much bigger, is very difficult to imagine in the ancient times the powerhouse of sorcerer, how to display these powerful spells.”
George knows that oneself psychic force after the transformation of lucky spirit medicinal preparation, compares other schoolmates, his psychic force is powerful, stabilizes inconceivable.
Also, draws support from this excellent psychic force, made him be able to grasp to display the ancient spell, but probably Kate, solely was only an inborn aptitude is excellent, satisfied the spell foundation part is very difficult in the ancient times.
“Is good because of us is young, even if compared the ancient sorcerer apprentice, our ages were still small. Contemplating the technique cannot be lax, not only its function in ancient spell. But in the ancient times the incantation practice of spell, can reduce, perhaps contemplated the technique to a higher level, in the ancient times the spell became will be easy to grasp.”
George does not have a better way, can only say one is not the means of means.
Kate seems somewhat discouraged, showing neither approval nor disapproval is saying, “also has so.”
From most started to obtain in the ancient times the spell pleasant surprise, to gradual numbness, to present discouraged, actually also shortly after time. But this, cannot see the change, behavior that cannot see the harvest. Quick will squander the energy of person, the will of resolution person.
There is nothing to do with the self-control, diligent or not has nothing to do. The people can only achieve from the strong wind from afar literature, www.cfwx.net oneself feel the meaningful matter, once cannot feel the significance, no matter seems like reasonable, how “should” the matter, cannot the true convincing person.
George thinks, continues saying that “my recent research, the significance was bigger than the ancient spell, if you interested.”
“Interested.” Kate was too busy said, she has not thought George recent research, unexpectedly was not the ancient spell. Could not guess correctly that anything will be more meaningful than the ancient spell, immediately fills curiously.
George moved to moving toward Kate the stool, sits about. Also, waves gently, the window curtains of window closes suddenly, in the room several candle natures burn, the bright room one becomes somewhat pale yellow.
He pulled the sleeve, hand around demonstrated that hinted in the hand not to have the thing, then stretched out the palm, “attention looks at my hand.”
Kate's action to George is somewhat surprised, pale yellow room, light candlelight. Make her feel that the atmosphere is somewhat warm, is somewhat strange. She does not dare to look at George's face, but felt own ear has felt hot, she lowers the head motionlessly is staring at George's palm.
In the palm is empty, she estimated secretly, does not dare to ask what George makes her look is anything, “his hand is very big, is very attractive.”
The train of thought of carelessly scattering, making her ear burn.
But suddenly, her mind by complete attraction. She forgot indulging in flights of fancy, she forgot the ear of feeling hot, she is staring at the sudden unusual form attentively, she saw.
The glistening luminous spot gathers in George's palm, like light star light, moonlight that also sprinkles like such as the water.
Luminous spot unceasing emergence, unceasing gathering, fabricated, flashed from void in quietly. The luminous spots gather slowly, composes water drops glittering and translucent carving, the water drop gathers Milky Way. In the palm the fluorescent twinkle, the hand holds the galaxy, is much more beautiful.
The change had not ended, Milky Way continues to contract, to continue to gather, finally all luminous spots, all water drops, melted in the same place formed translucent thin She.
Kate cannot bear curiously, stretches out the finger, poked that translucent book.
Like passing through air, the book the silent float in George's palm, by the translucent book, was still revealing the Kate slender attractive finger.
“Imaginary technique?” Kate indefinite asking.
“Guesses again.” George hints Kate not to guess right.
“Magic?” Kate does not know where from listens to the word that.
George said ill-humoredly, “where has the magician to be able really fabricated, having is so difficult to guess? Daily can see.”
“Spell, spirit?” Kate will make a bet, oneself absolutely not, in other places have seen the scene in George hand.
She cannot imagine completely, this is not the imaginary technique, but can also be anything, but she is spiteful gave two to see the reply that every day.
“Is the spirit book.” George has not planned mysterious, said the truth directly.
“Can you make the spirit?” Kate only thought that had anything to break to pieces, that was three views that she went far away.
“Temporarily can only make some spirit the goods, moreover cannot disturb the realistic goods.” George has not exaggerated, can make spirit that also to.
But even if makes spirit the thing, is still serious, moreover in the future will have the possible manufacture spirit.
“But how however does the person possibly make spirit the thing?” Kate does not know that should say anything, only thought that is completely impossible.
Has the magic world of dead souls master unlike these, in this magic, does not have the dead souls master.
Even if in having the world of dead souls master, making the spirit goods is still inconceivable, in fact the dead souls master is impossible to make the soul, they kill, through suffering, enslaves the soul through the pollution.
But in this world, the spirit is special existence, after they are the heart have the complaint sorcerer dead the product. Does not exist to make, can control the spirit the means that at least the sorcerer does not have this means. But now, George is breaking this rule.
George knocked her head, looks to hug Kate of head, sincere saying, “sorcerer, changed impossible he then to say for the person of possibility, before “, did not exist, only represented us not to know. Since the thing of spirit has existed, naturally can create. The sorcerers change impossible are the possibilities, matter why the spirit can achieve, can't we achieve?”
“But the sorcerer is not the spirit.” Kate whispered low voice, not mistake really at present, she, although broke three views, has transferred the mentality quickly, the significance of deduction representative.
Can realize like the ancient spell, is representing the modern sorcerer, can grasp in the ancient times the strength of sorcerer, can utilize in the ancient times the spell of sorcerer. Even this is very difficult, the process will be very long, so long as the condition satisfies, can certainly achieve. Like lottery ticket, no matter the probability is much low, so long as the condition satisfies, finally can certainly appear.
But the sorcerer can make spirit the goods, then also represents, the sorcerer can make the spirit finally, even manufacture soul, even this will be very difficult.
But in this process, makes the spirit, naturally can contact the spirit, the injury spirit, even enslaves the spirit, even enslaves the soul. But matter that this craziest fiendish person, cannot achieve even.
(To be continued.)


Chapter 137 happy tentative plan

Some Kate fears looks at George, she knows why finally George said that this research was bigger than the ancient spell significance.
If in the ancient times the spell, were only the restoration in the ancient times the strength of sorcerer. But the start of this spirit manufacture, is George opens new sorcerer years. The significance under does not invent the philosopher's stone in the alchemy master, under did not invent the modern spell in the ancient sorcerer.
“Do not think happily, in the ancient times spell we in addition now does not have the progress, let alone the domain of spirit this complete blank, this was compared with the restoration in the ancient times a spell more difficult work.” George saw Kate to think probably any strange place, continued to give her to explain the difficulty of this duty.
Kate then nod of looking pensive, felt relieved that in worry, the restoration the spell is so difficult in the ancient times, founded an entirely new domain let alone, the words that pure came to see like this, spirit will not compare the spell significance to be bigger in the ancient times.
In fact to with overwhelming majority sorcerers, spirit is not the important matter. Even if they were living together for dozens several hundred years with the spirit, but they will actually never care about the spirit back significance. This is not they are stupid, is not they had not discovered, is not they cannot see.
But is they will only ask, “what significance this does have?”
Regarding the sorcerer, their strengths must come extremely to be really easy. Yes, they also need to study, needs the schoolwork, but this study and merit strong wind from afar literature, www.cfwx.net class, can correspond the strength directly. Can demonstrate the strength directly, this regarding end the law world same previous generation, so inconceivable.
This type can the naked eye see, change and great strength that can personally experience, regarding people from end law world, extremely easily is extremely strange.
The progress that can realize, will make one wallow with crazily, but will also therefore make one not care to a more remote matter.
The magic, the spell can get quick results powerful, existence that spirit anything could not make, who will care. The significance of spirit, is very difficult to see clearly in the person who the magic world was born.
But is in flood from the information as one, the soul of Internet age the idea explodes, George can on the body of spirit, see many possibilities.
These days, after with the exchanges of some spirits, George discovered, the strength of spirit is a strength of faith distortion reality. The spirit obtains spirit the goods, does not come from the manufacture and production, does not come from the planter and collection.
This is very specially and a distortion point, the source of spirit goods, from spirit needs with the imagination.
Like professor magic history curriculum Professor Binds, he without realizing oneself died, was still separated from own body, brings clothes, brings note.
After he dies, he still every day as always attended class as usual, he can also sit that chair of teaching and administrative staff lounge. But in fact he had turned into the spirit, is unable to contact the entity, is unable to contact the chair.
So long as he “thinks”, so long as he “thinks”, he can twist oneself sense, twists own feeling. Thinks oneself are also living, thinks oneself can sit on the chair.
Also, is this, so long as Professor Binds wants, so long as he believes, he can dozens years not have to discover fact that oneself died. This looks somewhat unusual, is illogical, but this is the logic of spirit. Their senses and realities do not base on the world, but bases on own distortion ability.
Naturally the ability of spirit is not infinite, in fact the abilities of most spirits are very even low. The ability of spirit was framed in that moment of dying, they do not have the means to strengthen oneself ability.
Therefore, many spirits cross very sad, they cannot contact anything, they cannot taste any flavor, they cannot listen to any music. When this ability small and weak floor spirits, clothes except for dying, seriously were true having a thing in the world.
But on the other hand, fierce spirit like headless hunter team, they have more abilities. They can through oneself distortion ability, obtain spirit the goods. They can create more convenient, they can cross look like living. They not only can play, can practical joke, but also has own partner, has with their same ghost horses.
The ability of spirit strong, twists the reality strongly the ability.
George is very curious this strength, if can continue powerful, the spirit can defeat the sorcerer? Quiet can whether can exceed the charm. Since the spirit can be attacked, then the enough powerful spirit can attack the sorcerer? The enough powerful spirit can twist the reality, whether can become the sorcerer of another shape?
Although until now, even the strongest spirit, does not seem able to disturb the reality. But this is because they had lost existence in the reality, is unable to strengthen own strength.
However, the pure spirit cannot achieve this situation, then living the sorcerer, living grasped spirit, grasped can quiet sorcerer. Can base to be bright and dark, the distortion is realistic and illusory, finally spans the life and death the boundary?
The spirit is unable to grow, they died, the ability has framed. But the strength that they grasp will not frame, the spirit has no way to create the material object, has no way to create to disturb the reality the thing.
But grasps can quiet the sorcerer absolutely will not be only this, all these tentative plans, all guesses, Jeangeorges will be curious. When he these days really from void, fabricated.
Really created one to be his spirit book, he to this idea, had the interest more and more.
What a pity any happy start, is only the ten thousand Li (5,000 km) long journey first step. George does not lack the direction now, what he lacks is only the time.
When just obtained in the ancient times the spell information, George once was also overjoyed, however is not useful.
Slow aid will not help in an emergency, perhaps ten years later, concentrated on the ancient times spell him, the strength can steamroll Lord Voldemort. But that time he also just 22 years old, enough young.
But he must first get rid of Lord Voldemort in these years, can calm and steady waits till for ten years later. Otherwise, he must meet the tough head-on with toughness with Lord Voldemort eventually ahead of time.
But in this type, possibly faces in the situation of Lord Voldemort momentarily. In the ancient times spell use, even was far less than the modern spell.
Compares, can quiet, if can handle skillfully, at least can be many a group of easy-to-use eye in the entire world. This is seeking to treasure the goods, in eavesdropping on secret information, at least can play the actual help to him.
No matter the tentative plan and supposition are happy, the prospect is broad, finally slowly step by step proceeds.
(To be continued.)


Chapter 138 can quiet significance

But now, George correct use magic nearly millennium greatest pioneering work, the greatest discovery. Most state-of-art, the strength of most core “can handle the matter that falls in price quiet”.
He is using to transcribe a best-selling novel of hemp melon world quiet, not only he is doing this, follows also to become her coolie in his Kate. She was also forced the study to grasp the quiet energy, was forced to complete a spirit novel.
“Now what we do, manufactures the spirit book, then makes the adventure story?” In Kate eyes is inconceivable, she has thought that has thought George will draw her to work as the coolie.
She had once reorganized very long note for George, has reorganized various types of materials, has reorganized various types of books.
She also helps George raise the improvement of spell to suggest, has discussed together, mentality idea of spell development. She has tutored the student in the mutual aid association, she helps Harry they make the training.
But she has not thought, George this time makes her study to make the spirit adventure story unexpectedly.
“What significance does this have?” She currently has one type seriously, the rail gun hits the mosquito, cable/search Hangzhou kills the powerless feeling of ant.
“Shouldn't the spirit such major discovery, continue to study? Should not seek for similar spell ratio is right? Shouldn't develop utilizes?”
“How to transform to write the adventure story suddenly, wrote the novel, what style this was, this is what strong wind from afar literature, did www.cfwx.net play? What ghost is this?”
The expression that a George face expects too much, is scolding Kate, “, therefore you, does not know the importance of money. These that you said that is very important. But these are not the things that several months can handle, has anything to invent, has anything to create, first, must ask. It can exchange anything, where can from make money.”
Kate is puzzled asking, “you planned that makes money from spirit there, they extra clothes do not have.”
“As a qualified merchant, the goose has flown, must pull out several root hair to get down. The spirit does not have money, can trade the news, can inquire the news, in any case they not most valuable is the time.” George's categorical saying, he most lacks the time now, then lacks is the useful news.
He is reversing the lane to hang the long-term acquisition task, news does not have. Only can say, the magic world, truly is one rich cannot buy the thing the world.
The sorcerers do not play the luxury goods, the monogamy, does not compete. Does not buy the race car, does not buy the yacht, the price of essential sorcerer world also lowers make the blood boil.
Like beforehand Wesley one, is poor sends to refer, but can also support on seven children Hogwarts. The person like, looks for a vegetable plot directly, looks for a forest to support itself.
In this case, truly good point thing, in the market, including wool, a star cannot see. The economic development of sorcerer world, the worshiping money index, cannot make one want by far to spend to buy the local tyrant satisfaction of thing. He had given up in the sorcerer world, bought the plan of thing through money.
But in this case, community, their bodies do not have the surplus, their time not slightly values. Thing that they want, only then George can make.
In this case, does not squeeze them, how to do right by the reputation of George Profiteer. Although they had died, but did not eavesdrop on that the below roads of ten eight phoenixes, how George can satisfy.
Saturday morning, after March gets out of bed, moved a body, ate happily.
He also the snake blood, using time to contemplate, adjusts oneself condition. Until felt oneself are more energetic, condition to the best time, he a face relaxed had/left the dormitory.
Today is the standard sweet orchid smell many GUI wonderful competitions, the stupid baud must be shattered to pieces by him immediately, this is the multiple confrontation had not previously obtained the result. Thinks of here, March feels one's blood bubbles up to the brim, just contemplated the calmness of bringing, by scattering slowly.
He for today's this matter, made many preparations. Not only last year time, maintains the relations with the team members of team. Summer vacation is also with practical action, obtained his father Lucius approval, this is beginning school to Skye Bring increased seven coronas 2001.
These for today, but now he must start to harvest the achievement. His smooth the GUI wonderful competition, turned into the and Harry showdown, but he ninety percent sure.
Thinks of here, his eye flashes through suddenly ominously wipes astonishingly severe, like the eye of eagle.
He wears the neat personal Skye Bring uniform, this is reforms after the tailor specially manually, all detail complete fitting his figure, can let he the freest relaxed activity. Because he development period, this completely personal clothes, each two months, will have been replacing one set, sew, avoid the clothes producing slightly are not good-fitting.
Skye Bring's lounge, the teammates are very relaxed, they know that oneself strength, they have with the self-confidence of strength match.
In their opinion, they consider at all is not the victory and loss, but how to win splendidly, how to win attractively.
Flint started to encourage before the game, he was tall and powerfully built, is long some to be great likely strangely. If some people therefore despise him, he will be only happy, and after exceeding opponent, leaves behind most shame to the opposite party the memory. He is not only stupid, even can say, his brain and sly does not lose to any sorcerer.
“We must cope with standard sweet orchid smell many turtles today.” Flint's cunning smiling, “can bragging the stupid lion frightens the turtle, this is also good.”
Skye Bring's team member laughs, the team is filling the relaxed happy atmosphere.
“Turtle could resist the lion, but the turtle could not resist the poisonous snake absolutely, their tortoiseshells facing us were only tattered and torn.” Flint has made the arrangement, “starts from female player there of opposite party as far as possible.”
Skye Bring's team member evil giggle, in the eye is the ray of harboring evil intentions.
“I will not say anything to refuel, must win, has won them.” Flint complexion, “what I must say, grinds, in our eyes does not have the opponent, in our eyes only looks at the victory, carefree, crushed victory.”
“Steamroll, steamroll.” Skye Bring's player never lacks to the hope of victory, they to successfully resort to all means.
Flint has turned the head, to March, “March, your duty is first towing the baud, do not make him catch the golden cat burglar. We can play slowly, win several percentages, without the means that that snatches immediately before him holds the golden cat burglar.”
“He will not have any opportunity.” A March face smiles badly, at heart pondering over, “is winning several percentages, this idea probably also good.”
(To be continued.)


Chapter 139 intense confrontation

Is controls the competition to exceed the baud, is dragging the baud, making the teammate first win several percentages, March somewhat cannot make up mind for a while. As for loss, that is how possible.
The time arrived, everyone moves toward the field, today is a sultry moist weekend, the distant place hears the thunderclap faintly.
The field is warm cheering, but does not give them. Skye Bring is school the places of numerous arrow, their seven coronas 2001 caused the popular anger.
But each player is raising the broom, is raising both hands, heartily is greeting the hiss of opponents. These hiss and booing, to them, are as good cheer and applaud. Especially, after them, gains the steamroll -type victory, that time contrast, was more rousing is unable to restrain oneself.
Flint under hint of GUI strange Referee Madame Duo I, shakes hand with standard sweet orchid smell many team leader Wood. Wood visits him with the vicious vision, but also makes an effort pinches his hand tightly, but these only make Flint anticipate that Wood and others lost several percentages the expression.
He anticipated.
“I said the preparation.” Madame Duo I said that “three, two, one.”
Cheering of noise, sees off all players to rise into the upper air, 14 players least up into the dusky sky.
March followed the baud to fly the highest position, he saw the baud to narrow the eye, looked all around, it seems like it is looking for the golden strong wind from afar literature, www.cfwx.net cat burglar. Then just started to compete, the baud has frightened impatiently wanted to finish competing.
Saying with a smile that March harbors evil intentions, “, the scar head, no rush, we play slowly, perhaps your teammate can lose several percentages.”
Harry has not paid attention to him, he hopes that the quickest speed, holds the golden cat burglar, this can obtain the maximum score disparity, has won Skye Bring.
At this moment, serious black walked randomly the ball to throw toward him suddenly, his danger dangerous reluctant evading, even felt that the ball has touched his hair.
“Be careful, Harry.” Fred flushed, in his hand takes is striking the baseball bat, speeds along from Harry, to is walking randomly the ball ruthlessly wields. A club walking randomly the ball struck to Designs Psi, but walked randomly the ball like the pulled open rubber band, flew not far, suddenly flushed, continued to pursue Harry.
Harry hurries the submergence avoidance, Fred ball numerous rackets to Maria, but walks randomly the ball like the maneuver dart, transferred, to continue to hit to Harry's head.
“Scar head, congratulates you, it liked you.” March is seeing this scene, cannot bear the taunt say, read at heart secretly, “these teammates also were really absolutely safe, unexpectedly really walking randomly the ball got down the wicked incantation, their must win several percentages plans completely.”
Harry has had no free time to pay attention to March completely, his crouches/submits Di body accelerates full power, “whiz whiz!” Is far away is walking randomly the ball.
But he can hear to walk randomly the ball to howl to pursue behind, walked randomly the ball to recognize him probably, can some people harm him? This reminded him of Cello once to he has handled the matter, Cello was once displaying the wicked incantation to his broom.
Fred rides the broom front surface to charge into Harry, tries to expel to walk randomly the ball for him. Harry lowers the head fiercely, with the Fred wrong shoulder, Fred has used the whole body strength, a stick struck to fly to walk randomly the ball.
“Rolls the distant point.” Fred shouts loudly, but is quick, he discovered that this does not help matters completely. Walked randomly the ball to recognize Harry, time and time again is pursuing him, must hit from the upper air him, acceleration that Harry has to go all out, desperate running away.
March felt oneself do not serve as anything, has been able to complete to constrain a baud duty. He not near hanging in the baud behind, does not look he is thrown into confusion was walked randomly pursues flees in panic, exudes intermittent grating laughter.
Another side, the standard sweet orchid smell many team members situations are not good, they were being suppressed by Skye Bring stubbornly.
Harry was walked randomly the ball to pursue is in chaotic situation, Fred has to follow to protect Harry. Their team not only staff shortage, opposite Skye Bring is shameless starts from the female team member place specially.
Skye Bring's Designs Pu dribbles, is riding light wheel 2001, disregarded charges into standard sweet orchid smell many goals. Completely Angelina who he does not care about the defensive side, tall and strong body like one trains direct rushing.
No matter Angelina does not want, no matter some of her how fighting spirits and came to understand, facing wild animal that this type to/clashes high-speed, she can only stagger the body in the final moment.
Wood wants to rush to scramble for the ball, but on another road, Skye Bring's Terence Higgins hit Ellie in the similar form, was two dozens one, they interlocked the goal, they scored points.
Skye Bring depends on this type is not concerned about face, reckless tactic, taking advantage of the advantage of broom. Are many all labor the Georgian sweet orchid smell, all training, all efforts tears to pieces.
Wood is so angry, but he has no way to castigate the teammate, they try, but Skye Bring is extremely shameless.
“You were too shameless, knows to bully the female student, comes to me, bastard.” Wood exclaimed loudly.
Terence Higgins has this idea, but contrasted and Wood's build, immediately saying unrestrained/no trace of politeness, “in Skye Bring's eyes does not have the opponent, in our eyes only then wins.”
Then he swung the finger, disdaining of face, “in the eyes of sorcerer may not have the division of men and women, you counted on that asks several female students to be the teammate, wants to make the opponent give favored treatment specially?”
Angelina and Ellie are also mad go crazy, they closed tightly the tooth, pulls down the body, reckless must hit to Terence Higgins.
But he increases speed slightly, immediately on the dependence light wheel 2001 performance, flings Georgian sweet orchid smell many players by far after behind.
While the confusion, Flint had a goal, even Wood cannot defend him directly.
“One percentage, were you ready? Today plans to lose several one percentage?” Flint exudes wolf fearful laughter.
Causes one of the Skye Bring team member to laugh. Skye Bring's team members played insanely, is drawing support from the advantage of broom and body, their unceasing impacts, are devastating the standard sweet orchid smell tattered and torn defense line unceasingly.
Tick-tock the rainwater hits on the body of Georgian sweet orchid smell mufti- team member, drops on their hearts, the first time are not flown in the rain, the first time is not played a ball game in the rain.
In fact, two months of training, their uniforms have not done, some are the rainwater, some are the sweat.
But no moment, the rainwater can irrigate to extinguish their flame, no moment, can suppress the fighting spirits in their heart coldly.
But now, coldness outside today's rainwater especially cool, today's style. Not only insulated their bodies, but also insulated them at heart.
(To be continued.)


Fight that Chapter 140 goes crazy

The Georgian sweet orchid smell was called a suspension much. They descended the ground, gathered in one. Skye Bring's arrogant floating of distant place in the air, sends out the intermittent ridicule.
“100 : 0, we lost, when we need to defend, where Fred you to?” Wood some not happy is asking Fred.
“Some people to walking randomly the ball executed the wicked incantation, I have to prevent him to hit Harry's neck.” Fred is constraining the anger, “that damn ball anything does not only do, is staring at Harry, must kill him, damn Skye Bring.”
“Bastard.” Wood pinched tightly the fist, eye of I wants to crack, “Skye Bring taking advantage of the broom and build, ignores the rule completely, hits our defense. Now still plays tricks on the ball unexpectedly.”
“Listening.” Harry looks at the been at wit's end teammate, said own decision, “you do not need to manage me, you defend the goal, I cope with that going crazy ball, I will hold to walk randomly the ball immediately.”
He also noticed the disparate score disparity, the disparate broom difference, does not have other means.
“Do not go crazy.” Fred's ill-humored saying, “it will hit your neck, you think that we to win, but looks at this matter?”
Wood looked at Harry, it seems like looks at everyone, hesitates erratically.
“Olive, this is not.” Strong wind from afar literature, www.cfwx.net Lisa be angry said, “we cannot make Harry take risk, we can request the investigation.”
“Now the only means can only hold the golden cat burglar, requested the investigation, at the present score, we also can only lose.” Harry unwilling saying, “we cannot, because walks randomly the ball, cannot, because Skye Bring's method gives up, we cannot lose to their plots now. I will be defeated their, Olive, lets their leave alone me.”
Fred is pasting Wood's face, said wickedly, “good, this is you tell him before the game. Wanted to hold the golden cat burglar to win the competition, wanted dead in the field? You simply were insane, actually will say such words.”
“That gives me to go to the defense of doom.” Wood face pale saying.
“Competition starts.” A Wood face is firm, or the death, either wins, this was says to Harry, said to he himself.
The rain gets bigger and bigger, just like the mood of standard sweet orchid smell mufti- team members.
Madame Duo I a sentry post sound, standard sweet orchid smell many players returned to the space.
Harry not field society that crazy random walk ball, he accelerates unceasingly, rapidly high. Unceasing corner, unceasing revolving.
He like the roller coaster, up and down, right now left, turns round from time to time, from time to time dives. His speed does not reduce in the field around the circle, stared in a big way seeking of eye doom to walk randomly the ball.
The raindrop hitting in his head, hits on his spectacle lenses, his field of vision received the enormous limit, he has no way to use the eagle-eyed technique, his sorrowful wants saying that “even can use the eagle-eyed technique, now anything cannot see.”
The damn random walk ball also brought the howling sound to pursue, “, if made me know is, I really want to kill him.” Harry closes tightly the tooth, at heart is the infinite anger, if light wheel 2001 makes him angry, does not feel fairly.
On walking randomly the ball exerts the wicked incantation, really wants to kill him, at this time he ignites is not only angry, but is true killing intent.
Perhaps is kills intent to make his brain calmer, he once again thrilling evaded the random walk ball of going crazy.
Makes this stunner, making his head hang upside down, he hangs upside down the person like one, hangs on the broom.
This causes intermittent calling out in alarm of friend, causes Skye Bring people's ridicule, he knows that the own present appearance is very definitely stupid is very bad, the rainwater discount is posting the scalp, his eye was being affected the line of sight by the water drop, but he has no time to consider anything.
He must taking advantage of the free time every seconds, search for every minute with a sense of urgency is walking randomly the ball. How long the teammates could not support, how long he could not support.
“Damn, some people are attacking Harry.” He pulled out the magic wand sensitively, dying covetously observes the situation all around, in the eye is flashing the eagle same ominous glow, but usually that incomparably clear field of vision, was hampered by torrential downpour in this time.
“What.” Owen also responded, “I said that insanely how that walked randomly the ball like, certainly had portrait Cello to be the same, is controlling that to walk randomly the ball.”
Two little friends are searching for the unusual form on stage crazily, seeks murderer, to kill Harry.
“It is not NEH Poos Caitlin no one is also chanting incantations, who is?” He inspected the stand sensitively attentively, but without discovering unusual form, “hatefully, why George was not at this time, he can certainly discover the murderer.”
“Walking randomly the ball is too far, I could not disturb.” He sensitive angry stamping the feet.
She for oneself incapability and angry, the murderer is operating obviously is walking randomly the ball to chase down Harry. She actually could not discover any unusual form, even had no way to disturb to walk randomly the wicked incantation on ball.
“Or did we tell the teacher?” Sensitively He is at a loss is asking Owen.
Owen is biting the lip, is frowning to think, said, “Harry they just called the suspension, they have discovered exceptionally. But now they have lost one percentage, once the competition stops, they lost thoroughly.”
“To compete the life doesn't want?” He sensitive unwilling asking.
“This is Harry's choice, they agreed that this makes Harry faces to walk randomly the ball alone. We can only look at Harry, once he were shot down, we crash in the field to protect him immediately. But now, we can only believe Harry's choice.”
Owen does not want to look that Harry presented dangerous but standard sweet orchid smell many team members to make so many efforts, Harry also made the choice, took the biggest risk. At this time made them stop, compared with killing them also made them uncomfortable.
“Was insane, was insane, side to win to kill people, side does not want for the win life.” He is stamping the feet to yell sensitively, “I know how is this bastard, my repugnant GUI wonderful, I dislike the sports match.”
What a pity, no matter they are angry, frightened, is anxious, no one will care about their moods.
Harry evaded once again fatal attack that walks randomly the ball.
“You are jumping the ballet, baud?” March called maliciously, sent out an intermittent grating ridicule.
Looks at the baud like a vaudeville artist, in the air unceasing roving, flees to leap up, March even forgot himself to compete. His duty was all walked randomly the ball to rob by this, but he did not mind, after all really makes him rush to Harry head is wielding the fist, the competition will not definitely permit.
(To be continued.)


Chapter 141 advances Rotter

Harry has no free time to pay attention to anything, has no free time to care about March, he whiles the gap that walking randomly the ball just attacked, continued search the whereabouts of golden cat burglar.
Perhaps was the heaven looks at him to receive so many painstakingly, could not bear look after him finally, he saw.
The golden cat burglar float in March's head, March is considering is only ridiculing Harry, has not noticed completely.
Harry was pondering how to charge into the golden cat burglar, will not be discovered by March, avoids being snatched the golden cat burglar by March.
But he thinks, forgot him also to be in the danger, walked randomly the ball to run upon him finally, ran upon his arm ruthlessly. Harry only felt that “", the arm broke, a pain of ignition, making him have a dizzy spell.
His brain is murky, what means did not have, but acceleration fast avoids walks randomly the continuation attack of ball.
“Oh, this may be really sore.” Even if March separates far away, still feels tooth acid, he as if also heard walked randomly the ball to hit the sound on Harry arm.
“Really miserable!” March not harmless regretting, it almost ran upon Harry's neck.
But he soon does not have the calm of ease seeing a play, he sees Harry rapidly hit toward him, “this fool was hit to faint, looked at the road unable.”
Looks at Harry more and more near face, March hurries to operate the broom, « long « wind « article « study, www.cfwx.net evaded Harry in a hurry.
Harry rapid and March scrapes past, that hand that can use only loosened the broom, one grasps toward the head. In he feels succeeds in obtaining the touch, the ice-cold golden cat burglar just wants to work lose his palm.
The thing in his hand with a sense of urgency stubbornly, the only hand left the broom. He lost the control to the body, clamps the broom to crash toward the ground. He supports is fainted by himself.
He hears the sensitive voice indistinctly.
“Harry! Feather Tim Level Ora!” He keen Di for a while the clashes, she and Owen has defended before the stand.
Is walking randomly the ball runs upon Harry instantly, He keen on almost strategic place goal field, was Owen caught her. These minutes, she is running around the giant stand, to leave Harry about. Sees Harry to fall from the upper air, He keens first rushes over, her pulling out magic wand fast, caught Harry with the float incantation.
Harry only felt that the eye is dizzy a while ago, oneself faint. Some people are calling his name unceasingly, bit by bit from completely spiritless to awaken him.
“We won.” Harry feels the hand that only can also use, the golden cat burglar by his gripping firmly in the hand, he has leaned the eye, looked that in succeeds in obtaining is gripping thing.
“Your this fool.” He keen can/but does not have the good expression.
Just she saved Harry, this fool will perhaps plunge to death, he just has fainted, but his waking first few words, unexpectedly competition.
Wood pushed, he cannot repress oneself smile, “we won, Harry, is your merit. You just displayed, I had not seen such good performance simply certainly.”
“Do not raise again competed, he should roll immediately goes to the hospital.” Sensitively ill-humoredly fool teammate who He looks at Harry, they also create the Harry injured accomplice.
“Right, right, goes to the hospital.” Won the competition, Wood's mood very good, not cares a whoop the sensitive vitality/angry.
“Come, I help you treat.” Lou ha also caught up especially, he pushes with stride the student, before arriving at Harry body, “this is very simple, I have done innumerable.”
“No, do not bump me, lets it's this.” Harry yelled.
Lou ha does not pay attention especially, he pulled out the magic wand, will hint everyone to stand in the future.
Then, he dropped down, his numerous falling in mud.
The muddy water splashed his clothes, smeared his calm. He looks at a diminutive body surprised, occupying a commanding position is overlooking him, arrogant standing in his front.
He sensitive some do not dare to imagine looked at own hand, she just handled the matter that she never dares to imagine. She a teacher, Lou ha special, numerous overthrowing on the ground, advanced in the mud.
But she has gotten back one's composure immediately, her both hands fork waist, like a hen that protects the son, kept off before Harry's body.
“Just some people controlled walked randomly the ball, wants to kill Harry. Now Harry must go to the hospital, except for Madame Pang Lula, anybody cannot touch him.”
Has not waited for Lou ha to respond, He keen and Owen have helped up Harry, the half step walks toward the hospital.
Madame Pang Lula was not quite happy, “you are play a ball game, hits the person? This bone fracture.”
He keen approves the person of same belief immediately, “is some reckless barbarians, some to successfully wish one could to kill people, some to win, does not want the life.”
Harry's smiling embarrasedly, does not dare to refute, only feels somewhat awkwardly.
“Is good because of is not very serious, I meet the bone to you, is drinking a point to live the bone water, tomorrow can restore.” Madame Pang Lula puts out the clamping plank, helping the bone that he fixes to mediate in Harry's calling out.
“Knows that called that miserably, next time should not be injured on the attention.” Madame Pang Lula carries one cup of steaming hot liquid medicines, gave Harry.
She scolded Harry, while complained this movement to be extremely dangerous, the teachers were also very incompetent. They never know that protects the good student, finally is always listening to calling out of student by her.
At the same time He keen is keeping should with, scold the barbarism of player with Madame Pang Lula together, scolded being loaf of teacher together.
Madame Pang Lula processed Harry's injury, withdrew from the hospital ward, she must look after other sickness.
“Our time won is too thrilling.” Owen thought that this time can win, the luck also helped busily some.
Skye Bring's broom advantage is too big, the short time had the vast score gap. Was good also affects their line of sight and speed because of below rainstorm, has Wood, Fred they defended reckless. Finally, not minute Tiara to 150 points, otherwise, even if Harry held the golden cat burglar to obtain 150 points, finally still only then lost to Skye Bring.
“Many held the golden cat burglar thanks to you, March was about to be wild with rage, his expression like must kill people.” Owen thinks of March's anger, immediately happy.
“His also having a face vitality/angry, but also has a face the murder? I want to kill people, must make me know that is who walks randomly the ball in the control the words.” He keen Qingheng, is saying unhappiness at heart.
“Walked randomly the ball to hit your hand luckily.” Owen also somewhat rejoiced, the neck will not compare the hand to be harder, “we can remember this issue, waited to drink the compound prescription decoration time asked him, cannot consider as finished.”
(To be continued.)


Chapter 142 kills the small monster mufti- ratios

“Cannot consider as finished.” Harry thinks that is also a lingering fear.
He the brain is only thinking at that time holds the golden cat burglar, is only thinking won the competition, where has thought of what consequence. But now looks at the arm that is cut off, in thinking field, walks randomly the ball to charge into his brain time and time again, only thought that back of the head sends coolly, neck turns sour.
In this is, the gate of hospital ward opened, standard sweet orchid smell many teammates saw Harry. They are the whole body mud, they have not changed the clothes with enough time.
“Harry, you display today are good.” Fred is saying jubilantly, “I just saw Marks Flint to shout loudly to March, said that they have victory in the hand, because March has not completed oneself task. Said that he present golden color cat burglars could not discover, March was angry, his complexion was gloomy.”
“Skye Bring depended on the broom to obtain the big advantage, but lost the competition finally.” An excitement of Ellie face, this time really quite dangerous, Skye Bring many were too mean, has acted to the female student, Harry held the golden cat burglar in the final moment luckily.
The team members brought food of celebration victory, has the cake, has the candy, has the fruit juice. They encircle side Harry, must hold a celebration party to be the same.
What a pity, Madame Pang Lula angrily roared to clash, “this child needs to rest, he broke the bone.” Strong wind from afar literature, www.cfwx.net
Madame Pang Lula expelled the hospital others.
A Harry person stays in the peaceful hospital ward, weary looked for him immediately, he loses the consciousness immediately.
How long crossed did not know, Harry also had the consciousness, in the room was peaceful and dark, dreadful. Suddenly, he discovered panic-stricken, has the terrible thing to touch his forehead.
“Go away.” He yelled, immediately recognizes, “mufti- ratios!” The domestic little elf of Lord Voldemort family/home.
Harry goes all out in the future will be shrinking the body, the hand that can move all around tried to find out unceasingly, wants to hold any can be the thing of weapon, “damn, the school is never safe, I have not taken the magic wand unexpectedly along.”
He caught a sharp thing, is used to insert the candlestick of candle, he hid the candlestick in quietly behind, the mind stabilized slightly.
In the darkness a fearful sound passed on, “Harry Potter returned to Hogwarts.”
“Mufti- ratios have warned the baud again and again, the baud, why don't you believe the mufti- ratio warning? Harry Potter has not caught up with the train, why doesn't go home directly?”
Harry depends on the wall, feels behind the hard, sharp candlestick, had some preparations at heart.
“What do you want to make?” Harry called out sternly, “how you know I haven't caught the train?” He gets suspicious immediately, responded.
“This is you do.” His affirmative saying, “you threaten me to be inadequate, blocked that wall, wants to expel the school us.”
“Is this, Mister!” Many seems very fearful compared with the gloomy sound, “mufti- ratios hide in the one side, is waiting for Harry Potter, sees him to appear, used the charm to block the channel. Therefore, could not compare does not need the iron to burn own hand.”
He was demonstrating fearful finger that his ten are entangling the bandage, “, but compares does not care, many believing Harry Potter was then safer. Compares has not thought, Harry Potter adopted other ways to return to Hogwarts unexpectedly.”
He is swaying the ugly body, swinging that the head of abnormal distortion non-stop, wicked saying.
“When many compared with knowing Harry Potter returned to Hogwarts, the mufti- ratios were not happy, the mufti- ratios also stuck the dinner fever of master. Therefore, suffered one to whip ruthlessly, this was compares has not experienced. Mister”
Harry fearless exclaiming, “you give up any idea to threaten me, you almost harm me and Owen are dismissed, but I will not submit to you and your master.”
“You best take advantage that I also receive rolling that the wound is hurrying, otherwise I will kill your dirty monster.”
The mufti- ratios show a faint smile, the whole face disdains, “many compared with has been used to the threat of death, many can hear 56 times compared with every day at home.”
He continues saying that “Harry Potter must leave Hogwarts, the mufti- ratios also think that his random walk ball can achieve.”
“Your random walk ball?” Harry's tone is ice-cold killing intent, “you threaten me to be inadequate, wants to make your random walk ball kill me.”
In Harry hand closely grabs the candlestick, just wanted to kill his murderer to find, three times this attacks he ugly monsters at present.
At this moment he is not the anger soars to the heavens, instead just like the eternal not snow, wholeheartedly sheet ice is cold. At this time in the hand the ice-cold candlestick as if had the heat degree, is transmitting the anger and kills intent.
“Do not kill you, Mister, compares does not kill you.” Small monster whole face surprised saying, “mufti- ratios is to save Harry Potter's life, falls the disabled person to be sent home, always feels better dull here. Mister, the mufti- ratios want to make Harry Potter receive a wound slightly, was rushed home.”
“!” Harry's look coldly, his heart coldly, his person coldly.
He felt that oneself almost must smile, at present this crazy ugly small monster, again and again wants to frame him, wants to make him be imprisoned in the gloomy fearful Vernon mother's sister's husband family/home, wants to make him be expelled the school, the control walks randomly the ball. Time and time again is pointing at his head, time and time again wants to hit his neck. Originally to save him, it also is really one “good” small monster.
“I wrongly accused you, mufti- ratios.” Harry is saying unemotionally, “mufti- ratios, come, before my body, I must well thank you.”
Running over of a small monster face feels extremely flattered, you're welcome, Mister, this is the mufti- ratios should “
The words stop suddenly, it stared in a big way the eye inconceivable, the whole face looks that at present this complexion is gloomy, eye just like stars the boy of being survived.
On Harry face flashes through one not to endure, but replied the eternal snow and ice chill/yin cold immediately, he loosens the hand. Looks that at present this is pierced the monster of temples by the candlestick, static pouring on the ground.
He said in a low voice, “to thank you do not kill me directly, but only wants me to be disabled, I decided that makes you die happily, I will bury you.”
Suddenly, some people came.
“I am sorry! I have not gone to watch your competition, if I present, could discover the murderer, like this you will not be injured.” A George face annoying walked.
He was busy making the spirit book recently, must study can quiet other utilization, the unimportant matter does not have to pay attention. This time has not gone to watch Harry's competition, actually cannot think that Harry this time just had an accident. Just He keen may scold him a lot, was good has not obstructed because of Harry greatly.
(To be continued.)


Chapter 143 unsafe school

He just stepped, immediately discovers exceptionally, “armor guard”.
Two protection incantations, almost simultaneous appearance on him and Harry's body. Harry has not thought that the speed of person can unexpectedly quickly to this situation.
After several seconds of tranquility, “not other enemies, Harry what's the matter.” Before George of stride arriving Harry's bed, overlooks the ground to be pierced the domestic little elf of head by the candlestick.
“This had once attacked me in Vernon mother's sister's husband family/home, the little elf of Lord Voldemort family/home.” Harry answers immediately, “today is also it controls to walk randomly the ball, wants to kill me.”
He supplements, “I and Owen in nine and 3/4 station heads, was sealed up the channel by it, wants to expel the school me. It just threatened me, I seized the opportunity to kill it.”
George put out a hand, patted Harry's shoulder, “did very good, you did very right. You saved yourself, for Owen, has revenged for field in everyone. Later of also avoiding it harms more people, great.”
George looks to pierce the candlestick of small monster temples, returned to original state this then scene in the brain. Harry is injured, going forward that also no magic wand in the hand, the small monster has a low opinion of the enemy threatens Harry, was hidden the candlestick that to pierce the temples by Ha use.
Very attractive combat process, regarding a 12-year-old child, this is perfect somewhat inconceivable.
Two strong wind from afar literature, the sorcerer of www.cfwx.net grade, can without magic wand. Not only has not lost the resistance ability, but can also ponder calmly utilizes tool that all can use, defeats a powerful assassin, this is really a matter that is worth praising.
Ha uses the only hand, somewhat embarrassed tracing back of the head, “there is nothing, it is somewhat stupid, some crazies. I am finding the opportunity, deceived it. Contemplates the technique to let me in the special time, can become exceptionally calm.”
“No matter its too stupid crazy, a domestic little elf that treats as the assassin is not good to cope. You do very good, does not lose to any grown sorcerer.” George continues to praise Harry, does not need the magic wand to kill the first opponent, this is not a small matter, how to praise Harry's quick-witted and deal with changes is not overrated.
He waves, a nearby bed solo flying, bound the small the blood of monster and ground, he also cleans up cleanly the candlestick. Harry probably must rest in the evening here, must clean.
Sees is binding the solid corpse, the bright red bed sheet, George cannot bear get angry, “school seriously is stupid, not only emitted more than 1000 years of snakes to be strange. Now the assassin of domestic little elf also appears continually, Dumbledore should not be made to pay for one's evil doings.”
He thinks, said to Harry, “I deliver you to return to the dormitory, later the magic wand cannot leave the body.”
Harry thought, also does not want to continue to stay in the place of this danger, sets out to follow George.
At this moment, outside corridor heard heavy sound of footsteps, later, Dumbledore retro ceded was making great strides forward the hospital ward. He wears the thick pajamas, brings the nightcap. Both hands are lifting anything end. Maine taught also lifts that thing to come, they placed on it the bed.
“What's the matter?” Dumbledore also discovered the unusual form in hospital ward, immediately severe asking.
“The protection of school is really tattered and torn, not only presents an attack, now presents the assassins of Lord Voldemort family/home.” Saying that George coldly.
“I come time, just sees the domestic little elf to attack Harry, I killed it conveniently.” Saying that George coldly.
Compares, this matter is acted by him, Bhaji said that is assassinates the assassin with the candlestick, this is better to explain a point, saved troublesome.
Deng Bulk complexion much is clearly cloudy uncertain is sizing up the mufti- ratios of dying, has a look at the petrified statue, said to George and Harry, “you first return to the dormitory, on road careful security.”
He turns the head to teach saying to Maine, “called Madame Pang Lula.”
Harry follows in George behind, to walk slowly outward, he passes through the statue time, has leaned slightly the body, looks the statue on bed.
The moonlight that coldly together falls in torrents on a dumbfounded face, he felt that oneself stomach pulled out ruthlessly, is Colin and Dennis Freeway. His eye stares roundly, both hands lift in the chest front, is holding his camera.
After going out of the hospital, Harry in a low voice was saying to George, “he is also comes to see probably my.”
George comforts saying that “the mandrake of Professor Sprout was quick, he can restore quickly.”
“Hope so.” Harry's voice is very cold, his heart is very cold, his person is very cold.
The school is not the safe place.
Sunday morning, Harry's getting up bed early, yesterday's experience, making him think, can a quicker solution the snake strange trouble. They went very early in the morning washroom that myrtle who lives in the sob, they want to manufacture the compound prescription decoration as soon as possible.
Who this can soon discover Skye Bring is strange in the control snake, best is March, like this they can the quickest solution all issues.
“Standard sweet orchid smell were many in the school cup finished the first place, defeated 50 points that Skye Bring won thanks to Harry.” Owen said that while crucible in flush toilet.
“Barbaric competition.” He keen with disdaining the tone is saying, she summoned magic flame of waterproofing under the crucible, is making the material with its unceasing boiling.
“Cannot think that Colin was also attacked, I also think that the cockerel, the snake does not dare to come out strangely.” Her tone is somewhat annoying, “we must result in discover the murderer earlier.”
“Cockerel the sleeping school is so also big, the snake always has the means to hide strangely, only if we raise the cockerel in each corner, turns into the chicken farm Hogwarts.” Owen thought that this is good means.
But immediately he discouraged saying, “the professors will definitely not agree, we can only make March soon confess, is who is strange in the control snake. I guess that is March, he just lost the competition, must therefore find the person to vent.”
“Besides Colin's matter, I also killed an assassin yesterday.” Harry hesitant a meeting, finally told own friend matter.
He from beginning to end will also be many matters told Owen and He is more sensitive.
“Inconceivable, the school is so unexpectedly unsafe.” He sensitively very surprised, not only surprised school is unsafe, surprised Harry depended upon the candlestick to kill an assassin unexpectedly.
“It was good, like the hero in story, without weapon time, taking advantage of the candlestick and bare-handed, killed the assassin of assassination.” Owen's experience to Harry is also surprised, somewhat envies, Harry looked like the leading character in story more and more.
(To be continued.)


35 Chinese net WW.35ww.om, renewal quickest no ball window novel net!

Chapter 144 uses diversionary tactics
“Then the murderer locks March, he not only controlled oh the snake to be strange, in they even were direct the faction to become monk the domestic little elf to attack Harry. They one are still colluding with Lord Voldemort.” Owen's extremely angry saying.
When Harry, Owen, He leaves the washroom sensitively time, Colin and Dennis Freeway is attacked, became the news life and death unknown to spread over the entire school.
The school rumor rises from all directions, everyone is fearful and apprehensive, is overly suspicious and fearful. The students of other school hide from Skye Bring to walk, but Skye Bring's student seems arrogant, walks to strip the wind.
The new student|life of first grade in threes and fours goes hand in hand, for fear that the independent time, was attacked.
In Ni and Colin and Dennis Freeway share a table, she is confused for Colin's matter. Fred to let her was happy, fits out the lunatic and leper, changes the whole body abscess, flees to frighten her from various corners.
Percy air/I flies into a rage, said that must write a letter to their mother Madame Wesley, this made them stop practical joke.
At once, in the school starts the popular charm amulet, eliminating the pathogenic factor, various types of strange thing. Facing this situation, Owen several cockerels that comes out, sold a good price. He even wants also to sell out the cockerel that own brings, he thought that oneself is the pure blood, does not need yo.
What a pity He keen and Harry stopped him without hesitation, reminds he controls the oh snake strangely possibly is March, he then dropped this idea.
Seville Long bottom except for bought the big cockerel from Owen here, but also bought the smelly garlic, an amethyst, a rotten water yuan tail.
He appears worried specially, “they had acted to Fermi, everyone knows do, I and dud almost, next was attacked, likely is I.”
The second week of December, Maine teaches starting as usual, collects during the student list that the Christmas keeps after school. Harry, Owen, He signs in the list sensitively. They also inquired, March was also accurate bi keeping after school, was then more suspicious. They decided, on these days with the compound prescription decoration, inquired the news from Maria there.
What a pity is, the decoration is not really good to manufacture, they also lack the corner/horn also boom slang skin of two horns beast. These can only be able to find in Shape's storage room, no one wants to have to do with Shape, was held by him facing Skye Bring's snake is strangely more fearful. He will dismiss Harry absolutely their three, he and other opportunities has waited very laboriously.
“We need yo using diversionary tactics' means.” He keen proposed, immediately was Thursday demon medicine class, they needed yo to seize this opportunity.
“A person shields, a person sneaks Shape's office, like this we can attain the corner/horn of two horns beast also to have the boom slang skin.” He keen put forward her means.
“Then who shields, who steals?” Harry and Owen are asking her anxiously.
“I thought that best is I steal.” He was saying sensitively seriously own testing l, “you have annoyed many were enough troublesome, if were sent in, will immediately be dismissed. But I did not have the criminal record, all, you only need yo to do at sixes and sevens the classroom, making the Shape short time be busy at not being able to withdraw the body.”
“Good.” Harry and Owen face awkward mutually looked at each other, in Shape classroom perhaps, therefore y disturbs has not stolen into his office is so dangerous, but also absolutely is not an easy matter.
Thursday time, they arrived under the land in as always the classroom, the demon medicine class is as usual. Among the wooden tables, separates one is setting upright 20 crucibles.
On the table is the balance of copper system and one can of one can of materials. Shape inspects in the smog of crucible back and forth, accusative sweet orchid smell many students send out an intermittent crude critique and ridicule.
Skye Bring's student is taking pleasure in others' misfortunes that a face is indifferent to another's plight, Draco Malay asks for Shape's favor very much, he non-stop is teasing Harry and Owen with the provocative look.
They are not the people who can endure, but they know do, if they dare to counterattack, will set up k to be deducted points, will close the confinement, Shape will not be a proper person. Let alone they have the heavy yo matter today, where has the mood to provoke March.
“" In thoughts of gain suddenly had haggling over, in his hand boiled the system the liquid medicines not to care, wholeheartedly is only thinking waited for the sensitive signal, waited for is disrupting the classroom.
When Shape ridiculed him, got out of the way from his side, finds fault the time of bullying Nervy. He gave him sensitively the signal, Harry was bending the body from the crucible following bag, pulled out one string to pull out the smoke and fire that obtained from Red there quietly with effort. It can make the smoke and fire and explodes oh, is used to disrupt the demon medicine class to make the classroom be in chaotic situation absolutely.
He uses the magic wand fast selected a point, giving a tongue-lashing that the fireworks sends out the sound, boils up sparks/Mars. Several seconds, cannot delay, Harry is straight the body, aimed at the designated target, fireworks accurate pounding in Gore's pot.
Gore's decoration exploded oh instantaneously, right in the face shot at all schoolmate, under splash the attack of swelling liquid medicines, the classroom sent out an intermittent scream. March by Gore's medicine water jet a face, the nose and even/including Lianzhong must likely the foaming bread. Gore is covering the eyes with the hand, scurrying about of everywhere staggering along, his eye swells looks like a crucible.
Shape goes all out to control oh the order, but is useless, the students like without cockerel of head, scurry about everywhere. In a confusion, Harry saw He to fish out the office sensitively quietly, she acted.
Harry's uneasy observation the condition in classroom, cannot to respond when necessary even can make a move two times.
“Peaceful, peaceful.” Shape called out loudly, “here has the medicine, the students who were splashed arrive at my to take the medicine. Damn, who is a is were sent in by me does”
Harry is repressing laughter, he sees March who the nose swells looks like the pumpkin, both hands hold oneself nose, crooked runs toward Shape.
Other schoolmates also push pushing that shouts at sixes and sevens before Shape body, their arms swell the imagination leg, hanging the body was crooked. Some mouths swell old tall, even the words had no way to say.
During a piece is noisy, Harry saw He to slide the classroom sensitively quietly, in her clothes is rousing one. Had not been sent in, Harry relaxes finally, felt relieved.
Everyone drank the antidote, all kinds of swelling also gradually abates. Before Shape arrives Gore exploded the oh crucible, with the clip clamps to twist one group of smoke and fire ashes, in the classroom sets up k becomes completely silent. Some people deliberately disturb in the classroom of this fiendish person unexpectedly, simply is bold.
Shape complexion is pale, he uses low and deep angry roaring, “dares to be up to mischief in my classroom unexpectedly, I will certainly check, I will certainly dismiss this person.”
(To be continued.)
35 Chinese net www.35z, renew, no ball window quickly!


35 Chinese net WW.35ww.om, renewal quickest no ball window novel net!

Chapter 145 duel club
Harry going all out was revealed the expression that one has doubts by own face on, Shape's fierce vision is staring at him, whether he does, Shape has wanted to dismiss him.
Thank God, after several minutes, the bell rang.
“He sent in is I.” A panic of Harry face, “he will certainly dismiss my.”
Three people hurried ran the myrtle of sob to stay the washroom.
“Can look, no matter your has done, he has wanted to dismiss you.” He keen stealing the ingredient threw into the crucible, is stirring excitedly, “two weeks can boil.” She said happily, “handled finally, then who can from Maria there knowledge do be the murderer quickly.”
“Shape does not have the evidence.” Owen encourages harrying, “he dislikes you not the matter that used saying that you did not need to care about his idea, never y embarrassed you like him.”
“He will not consider as finished as this, he will check.” Harry is a lingering fear, he did not fear that the monster does not fear the threat, even did not fear the death, these could not frighten him.
But he harms p to be dismissed, harms p to leave Hogwarts, harms p to leave own friend, harms p to leave the present life. He rather goes to be strange facing the snake, actually does not dare to imagine the dismissed consequence, that completely thorough ruins him.
However, the matter does not have probably that like Owen said that Shape does not have the evidence.
So long as he does not have the evidence, manages him dead. He hated Harry is not a day two days, accurate hated for dozens years. His hatred had not been born from Harry started, that is from James, from Harry's father there continuing the hatred.
To Harry, so long as was not dismissed, how NEH Pu'AI hates how to hate.
A week passed by, is well, uneventful.
Harry, Owen, He keen is passing through together the entrance hall, they see one group of people to encircle in the surroundings of bulletin board, is reading the announcement that was just subscribing.
Dean Thomas and an excitement of face, greeted them to pass.
“They did a duel club.” Is saying excitedly, “tonight's time starts, I approve of the school to organize the curricula of some duels, this will be useful.”
“That may be really good.” Owen said, he very interested is reading the announcement on bulletin board. “We can also go, this year George forgets, reaching an agreement to give us the duel competition of accurate bi.”
“Plans unable to keep up with the change, this year the matter are too many, everyone is not in no mood.” Harry is somewhat saying reluctantly.
Begins school he to be busy teaching the Lin GUI wonderful competition, they are not too willing to lose to Skye Bring's broom. Behind meets the snake strange matter, later George is also tied up, met with them are few.
“In the evening we can have a look.” He also thought sensitively such activity is good, the black magic defense technique class cannot count on, George also was very recently busy, they can only practice.
8 : 00 pm, their in high spirits to assembly hall. The long dining table vanishes, makes the tremendous space. The middle is a gold-plated magnificent stage, the above is floating several hundred candles, the ceiling is the velvet same jet black magnificent.
The students almost came, the jostle each other in a crowd, grabs own magic wand to be excited, is eager to try.
“I have not seen George, it seems like he is really busy enough.” He keen Fichu looked around, has not sent the in George's trace.
“Does not know that who do is teaches us, the hope is not Lou ha special.” Owen does not believe that the Lou ha special strength, the novel muttered.
“But maybe Shape.” Harry only hopes that the teacher is not Shape, he does not want also to be many a Shape's curriculum, such he will rather practice.
“Oh!” Harry sends out a moan, Gilder Lockhart took the stage, he wears the purple-red gown,
Brilliant, what is worse, his side that gloomy fearful person. Shape wears a consistent black (clothes), unemotional. Lou ha waving makes everyone peaceful especially. Shouts loudly, “comes, the near-point, can you see me? Can hear? That was good, listened to me to say.”
“Principal Dumbledore allowed me to conduct this small duel club, to fully teach Lin everyone. Let you when facing the danger, can like me, not only protects itself, but can also attack the darkness, helping oh others. Concrete these details, in my book.”
“I to everyone who my assistant, your familiar Professor Shape.” Lou ha is grinning especially, smiled, “he considered S I am saying that he to some duel also attainments. He answered Yang generously I, will assist me to make a demonstration before attending class to everyone. You can count on that does not need to harm p, after the demonstration, I perfect gives back to you your demon medicine class teacher.”
“If they can struggle a mutual wounds, that was good.” Owen low voice to looks at the two people who on stage Harry whisper Harry also anticipates.
Shape's corners of the mouth curled upwards, in the eye is the inexplicable appearance. Harry does not understand that Lou ha anything can also result in specially with ease, if Shape with this expression to him, he has been taking to one's heels to escape, farther the better to him.
Lou ha and Shape facing the opposite party, Lou ha also bowed especially, like a gentleman, his two movement that is fluctuating the floral formula, seems like also good. But Shape impatient leaning head, regarding this does not spare a glance. Then, they lifted oneself weapon in the chest front.
“Like you see, we used the conventional duel posture to grip the magic wand, on solid j I also understood dozens non-conventional methods.” Lou ha answered especially to everyone, “we counted to three, used the magic simultaneously, naturally, we demonstrated that will not use the spell of powerful, although I understood.”
“That may not say certainly.” Harry saw on Shape's face to show the smile of harboring evil intentions.
“One, two, three!” Lou ha and Shape have lifted the shoulder the magic wand simultaneously.
“Except your weapon.”
The people have not responded, Shape's magic wand has projected a dazzling red light.
Lou ha did not have to recite own incantation especially with enough time, was hit. He departed the stage, pasted on the wall, slowly fell, rolls up in the situation.
March and Skye Bring's student sets up k applauds to cheer, shouts and wrangles.
He keen Dan the tip of the toe, is looking in the Lou ha special direction, “he is good.” She uses the hand to cover mouth, somewhat worried, “this may be heavy.”
“Who knows do, what a pity he cannot give Shape also to come.” Harry and Owen somewhat disappointed saying.
(To be continued.)
35 Chinese net www.35z, renew, no ball window quickly!


35 Chinese net WW.35ww.om, renewal quickest no ball window novel net!

Chapter 146 snake man cavity
Lou ha sway stood especially, his hat falls, golden hair of wave volume turned into but actually vertical broom head.
“Very good, just like you see, I gave everyone to demonstrate consequence that did not have the protection.” He returns the stage crookedly.
“This is a commonly used disarming incantation, you looked, words when I do not prevent, I lost my magic wand. Thank you, Miss Brown's proposition, Professor Shape, demonstrated this move. This is very good proposition. However, obviously, your just intention was very obvious, if I wanted to prevent you, that was easy. However, to increase everyone's experience, I thought that should demonstrate to you.”
A Shape face murderous aura, Lou ha as if also sent in especially, he no longer following more than x said, set up k to call out, “demonstration ended, now I come to be divided into two people one group you, Professor Shape, please also help me, if you wanted.”
They go through in the crowd, 22 is divided into one group the student. Lou ha especially Justin. Finland arranged in order and Nervy divides one group.
Before Shape arrived at Harry and Owen body, “two person group should separate.” Smiling that he harbors evil intentions, “Wesley goes to and Verna matches one group, as for baud.”
Harry sees the vision that Shape is harboring evil intentions, quietly in the future will be drawing back.
“I did not think that you have the choice.” Saying that Shape coldly, on the face is indifferent carefully examining, “March, comes to here. Let us have a look, what kind of spark you and famous baud will have. As for Miss Grainier, you go to pair with the Mini woods young lady.”
March brought the Skye Bring's consistent arrogance to walk, a face proudly. He behind is a Skye Bring's female student, her appearance reminded Harry of Lou ha special «And an Ill-tempered woman Peer» in illustration. She is high and strong, solid fearful, stout and strong stature like a wall.
He squeezed a smile sensitively reluctantly, but she does not pay attention.
“Facing your partners.” Lou ha returned to the stage especially, loudly calling, “bows to hint.”
Harry and March remain unmoved, does not dare to show slightly the flaw, they look at steadily, stubbornly is staring at the opposite party.
“Holds up your magic wands, accurate bi is good.” The Lou ha especially big voice shouts, “I counted to three, you display the disarming toward the opponent, remembering can only be the disarming. We do not want to see intent WI, one, two, three.”
March when just counted to “two”, began, a white light shoot at Harry.
Harry defers to lesson Lin that was once receiving, crouches/submits Di the body, evades a March's attack.
“Except your weapon.” Harry also to attack, a dazzling red light shoots at March.
March like a snake, is turning the body, evaded the red light, returns the favor, “petrifies entirely.”
Harry like boxer, a submergence, evaded March's spell, “grins”, the silver light shoots leaves together.
March figure like snake flexible, his swing thrilling flashed through Harry's incantation, this time he had the new method, “Black Dragon/mishap has holed” his to bellow.
The magic wand hair has a sonic boom oh sound, in a long blacksnake from was together black light to leap up, numerous falling on the and Harry floor between. The snake is soaring the tongue, accurate bi attack.
Harry looks that takes the magic wand to point at his March following x, is facing a fierce poisonous snake, he is standing guard carefully, falls into at once difficult.
Others also sent in here unusual form, they were yelling the rapid retreat, gave up the open area.
“God, I said is only the disarming.” Lou ha especially panic-stricken yelling, “I come to make him, making me come.” He is lifting the magic wand, threatens is brandishing toward the snake.
Suddenly, “bang” a loud sound, the snake leaps up more than one hang (3.33 m) high, falls layer on layer/heavily on the floor, it wild with rage, hissing flushes away toward Harry.
Harry is always maintaining vigilant, he is much calmer from beginning to end, displays deeply, a cloudier depth compared with a Skye Bring, his subconscious called out to the snake, “goes back.”
Mysterious matter happened, that snake collapses on the ground, unexpectedly really after retreats. Harry looks at the eye of snake, even can read out its idea.
The snake will not attack him absolutely, even can also be controlled oh by him. This is completely an inconceivable feeling, but Harry knows do.
The expression on March face is very complex, he even forgot the attack. In his eye is inconceivable, is mixing with envying, the envy, the hatred, is unwilling.
Shape walked, he wielded the magic wand, the snake changed into one bunch of black smokes, vanished does not see. He also with a vision that made Harry intent WI visits him, that was a slyness, looking pensive, experienced and careful vision.
Harry obviously is much calmer at this time, somewhat looks by March and Shape's look is scared. He also hears all around crowd correct use strange vision to visit him faintly, if with his vision to, they set up k to be evasive, they in four talked in whispers, all made him have the ominous premonition.
Suddenly, Owen walked, he held Harry's clothes, “walked, we leave here.” His in a soft voice said in Harry ear.
Owen led Harry to go out of the assembly hall, He closely followed sensitively they behind. When they leave, the crowd separates automatically, makes concessions, probably they are the disasters are the same.
Harry does not know completely do exactly what happened, Owen and He sensitively also does not have any explanation, but hurries along earnestly, is stripping quickly his returned to the standard sweet orchid smell mufti- restrooms of nobody left.
Owen advanced on Harry an armchair, said, “you are the snake man cavity, you actually have not considered S we.”
“What?” Harry's inconceivable asking, “I am the snake man cavity.”
“You naturally are the snake man cavity.” Owen's ill-humored saying, “everyone saw you and snake speech.”
“Originally is this snake man cavity?” Harry then understood, “before me, had once handled similar matter, in a zoo, I once emitted a big python accidentally, it reached the strength to throw toward my cousin. At that time I have not known that do I am a sorcerer.”
“I also think that this is an ordinary skill, is only the special capability of sorcerer.” Harry somewhat absent-minded saying.
“Common sorcerer may not have this ability, at that time you said that but another language.” Owen faces sincere saying.
“Another language?” Puzzled of Harry face.
“Is the language of snake, you exude hiss hissing the cry of snake, controlled oh the snake to draw back, appalling, daunted everyone.” Owen is recalling then scene.
(To be continued.)
35 Chinese net www.35z, renew, no ball window quickly!


35 Chinese net WW.35ww.om, renewal quickest no ball window novel net!

Chapter 147 Harry's confusion
Harry's mouth makes hissing the sound, the complexion is gloomy, the both eyes chill/yin cold, he is not willing to remember that time Harry, can daunt everyone no wonder.
“I said unexpectedly is another language, is the cry of snake? I have not sent in completely, without feeling, me is saying, making the snake draw back.” On Harry face is also panic-stricken extremely.
He cannot imagine itself to stand among everyone, the cry of complexion gloomy emanation snake, controls oh a snake. Such scene also wants the terrifying to be gloomy compared with worst Skye Bring.
“Originally Skye Bring's successor controls the oh snake to be strange like this.” Harry understands suddenly how Skye Bring's successor controls the snake to be strange.
“March also summons the snake today, his body like snake soft flexible, he sees Harry is also the snake man cavity, the expression on face very strange.” He is also recalling at that time March's response sensitively.
“Perhaps you were also Sarah Has Caitlin once great-grandson anything, you and March were very possible are relatives.” Owen facial color strange is saying to Harry.
“I am not March's relative.” Harry set up k to reject this possibility, this was simply insane.
“You are very difficult to deny this possibility.” He is saying sensitively afraid to say a word, “Skye Bring lives more than 1000 years ago, a baud family/home is also the ancient pure Xenia Clan, all situations that we know at present, you likely are Skye Bring's descendant.”
Harry was dumbfounded, gave birth to a hundred mouths cannot explain it away, unable to explain panic.
“You do not have really to operate the snake to be strange.” Asking of some Owen doubt.
“This point is not funny.” Some Harry indignant n are saying, he quick is insane.
Suddenly, he turned into the snake man cavity, turned into Skye Bring's descendant, even also possibly is March's brothers. The schoolmates have started to believe, is he operates the snake to be strange, is he in the attack school schoolmate, these are not funny.
Night time, being able to sleep that Harry tosses about, he very sober, very sensitive. Breathing that he can also hear dormitory Owen, he remembered just matter.
All around is a darkness, out of the window is piece by piece the snowflake, outside the quilt is an icy coldness. In his heart exudes with many ramifications, one type arises spontaneously lonely.
Who is he? Is Harry, is the baud, is Skye Bring. He does not know that do he should ask anyone, he knows nothing about his family. He only familiar instead is every day maltreats his virtue to think of ritual one. That obese, ugly, the savage Vernon mother's sister's husband and his stupid son reach the strength cousin. That indifferent crazy Aunt.
Had delivered him a photo album, inside has his father and mother's picture. At that time they may be really young, high-spiritedness like him. Does not know that do they can have the Harry same worry, probably they do not have the parental relative.
“I really am Skye Bring's descendant.” Harry somewhat uncomfortable wants saying that “, but I am the standard sweet orchid smell am many.”
But he recalled quickly, “branch hat must send me to Skye Bring, was I request to arrive at the standard sweet orchid smell to be many.”
Thinks of here, he stabilized slightly, “at least I can also choose, I am the standard sweet orchid smell am now many, later is the standard sweet orchid smell are also many. I hate virtue to think of ritual one now, later will also hate virtue to think of ritual one. I repugnant Skye Bring, later can now follow x repugnant Skye Bring. Managing them is what bastard, the bastard, managing him is what devil relative.”
Thinks of here, Harry finally heart full y full rested, on the face shows the relaxed happy expression.
The next day morning, night is fluttering the snowflake had turned into the violent snowstorm, is mixing with the cold wind of howling. At once, the entire school turned into one snow and ice states.
This semester final herbal medicine to subdue|grams also therefore canceled, Professor Sprout needs yo to put on the protection against the cold to her mandrake the clothes,
Wears the sock to them, puts on the scarf, avoids them falling ill because of the coldness. The medicinal herbs will also fall ill, this sounds somewhat irritable. However, thinks, the trees will also freeze to death, did not feel strangely.
Now the mandrake has become the center of gravity in school, revived all counts on it by snake rock Madame Liz and Colin and Dennis Freeway. Professor Sprout does not dare to give others such heavy yo matter, all things she does it yourself.
Sitting that Harry is bored to death in Georgian sweet orchid smell many restrooms, is roasting the furnace fire, is somewhat agitated. Owen and He keen are playing a magic chess, they soon hit.
Owen since childhood to playing chess strong interest, after all in Wesley family/home economic strain, he is very difficult what toy.
At this time drew several lines on the ground, inscribed several characters with the paper, crudest, the most inexpensive toy, a magic chess made. The thing that this wealthy person cannot have a liking for completely, can make the poor child always enjoy. This is in Wesley family/home not much game entertainment, Owen is outstanding person.
He controls oh a bishop, from fell the sensitive knight immediately, threw the checkerboard, He's sensitive board game piece had been not much left.
“Damn, my computing power is to go far beyond obviously your.” He somewhat goes wild sensitively, she had lost several continuously. Knows do should not with Owen to play the magic chess early, she somewhat regretted.
“Only if you're computing power can catch up with George, otherwise solely depends on the computation to win me, you were too naive, here.” Owen mouth sends out the evil villainous smile, can win He keen can/but is not easy in a project.
“I go out to stroll.” Harry thought that the lounge is somewhat worried, Owen and He keen played one, he is staying strangely, went out to stroll simply.
“Attention security, remembers that takes the cockerel.” Owen and He keen following x on checkerboard deeply worried, small talk that does not return to two.
“Does not know that the do snake can hibernate strangely.” Harry whispered low voice, during the daytime was actually safe, after all will have the student and teacher walks back and forth.
The snake needs the yo hibernation, hopes that the snake also needs the yo hibernation strangely, this at least everyone can the maturity of safe waiting till mandrake.
Harry crawled similar Xiangdong, arrived at the outside.
The thick cumulus cloud is camouflaging the gloomy sky, the snowflake from in the air sprinkles. Cold wind blows Harry one to tremble, even lets the idea that he had to pour.
“Came.” He tightened the sleeves, blocks the place that leaks out, a process attending class classroom that the whole body shivers. He heard inside some to shout loudly to pass on, was Maine teaches, is reproving a student. That student hand shakes fiercely, became a badger the friend.
(To be continued.)
35 Chinese net www.35z, renew, no ball window quickly!


35 Chinese net WW.35ww.om, renewal quickest no ball window novel net!

Chapter 148 is the bullshit
Harry curious inward looked at one, an overly cautious and prudent student is shivering in the whole body, does not know that do is because cold or because reproved.
On this day the air/I practice distortion technique, was really insane. However, Hatch Patch will be turned into the badger, are the standard sweet orchid smell many are turned into the lion?
Said that four schools, is standard sweet orchid smell many school insignia most military might is charming, the school lion, this may Hatch Patch's badger and Skye Bring's ugly snake good kn to be many.
Thinks their next class is also the distortion class, Harry cannot bear somewhat anxiously, he does not want whom or by anyone, is turned into snake anything, the schoolmates will be insane.
Harry indulges in flights of fancy, while plans to go to the library to have a look. The place that on this day the air/I, in the school can take a stroll are not many, could meet George, perhaps his somewhat good suggestion.
Harry has not seen George in the library, instead met one crowd of second grades' student of Hatch Patch's, they are like the standard sweet orchid smell are on the herbal medicine class. But is very obvious, herbal medicine class cancellation, making them have the idle time to disseminate some idle talk.
“Originally Hatch Patch not really overly cautious and prudent.” Several idle talk floated Harry's ear, he hides behind the bookshelf quietly, inclines the head and listens attentively.
“Really cannot think that famous Harry Potter was the black sorcerer, Justin frightens the gate not to dare to leave unexpectedly. He considered S the baud, he came from the hemp melon family, but also considers S bauds, he had gone to Eton College. But was miserable, he actually the descendant to Skye Bring said such words.” A high strong boy, face inconceivable saying.
“Erna, are you so definite the baud are the black sorcerer?” Asking that a miss of golden ponytail has doubts.
“Hannah!” The giant boy serious said, “baud is the snake man cavity. Everyone knows do, the snake man cavity is the black sorcerer's symbol. No honest sorcerer can speak the snake language, can control the oh snake. Skye Bring is called the snake language to pass.”
The boys said, others also discussed chaotically, is saying one after another.
On the wall that “most starts to have an accident also writes, the enemy of successor, vigilant. Fermi is because quarrels with Potter, his cat set up k to be murdered.”
“Another newborn Creepy, is when GUI wonderful competition, while Harry lies down, in mud, gives him to photograph secretly, then he lies down in the hospital now.”
Harry is dumbfounded, their guesses are really the evidence are full, is March's speculation does not lose compared with the successor. However, obviously when the GUI wonderful competition, he has not noticed Creepy.
However, some people said a point finally his word of praise, is that blonde ponytail, little miss who is called Hannah.
“But, the baud seems like is so always friendly.” She somewhat hesitant saying, “, he made the god m person disappear at that time, he saved magic, he is not an unprincipled person, right?” Her some indefinite is arguing for Harry.
Harry also publicized the ear, how listening to them also to explain.
“That may not say certainly.” Erna god m secret lowered the sound, Hatch Patch collected tightly, even Harry must open wide the ear, can hear the words that he spoke.
“No one could guess correctly, he was under the attack of god m person in the past, how to be survived. Must now do, he at that time was a baby, he should be blown to pieces by the god m person. I mean, only then most fearful, the strongest D black sorcerer, can evade the strength of god m person, let alone defeated him.”
His sound became lower, “I guess he compared with a god m person more fearful fiendish person, only by doing so, god m talent impatient must kill him. The god m person does not hope is fiercer than him, a more fearful fiendish person appears.”
Harry crispy outside and tender inside, if these evidence said is not he, will unable to do well to link he himself to believe that these concrete evidences,
Really convincing. That also thought that Harry is Hannah of good person, proposed an issue, “why does he want to attack numb Gun? He best friend He the family from hemp melon, he does not like Skye Bring sensitively.”
Harry renewed a ray of hope, their always had no way to refute.
But he made a mistake, so long as people want, can always find any conforms to their idea the evidence. In this world no one, nothing, is clean. No one, nothing, does not have the flaw. No one, nothing, cannot discredit.
“He does not like numb Gun, he hates to stay together very much with him family member, he hates these numb Gun very much.” Erna rapid replied.
Harry is dumb as a wooden chicken, he was really experiences, anything is called the evidence to be conclusive, anything is called a hundred mouths cannot explain it away. What is called the reasonable inference, anything is called the righteousness expression.
He hates virtue to think of ritual one very much, but this are not related with others completely, he will not vent anger others. So long as is a normal person has had his treatment, will hate virtue to think of ritual one.
“Words said that perhaps I am every day falls asleep, the incarnation black fiendish person, then operates the snake to blame to attack the student.” A whisper of Harry face taunt said.
He could not have listened, is disinclined to pay attention to these to seem like loyal and good, actually fabricated Hatch Patch. He cannot bear remember George had spoken angry words.
Also, really: The family affairs national affairs world matter, closes your trifling thing! The truth lie pleasantries, all are the bullshit! Streamer: Everyone talks nonsense!
He listlessly, ran out of the library dejectedly, does not care at all behind Hatch Patch following the crazy talks that x transmits.
He staggers along, hurries along earnestly, the mouth mumbled, “next was the distortion class, I should call Owen and He keen early make certainly bi, waited for me to pay attention, do not turn into snake”
He swung the head, made itself not go to want diligently just the nonsense of Hatch Patch that group of people. He stepped the serious step to step the staircase, changed to another side of the corridor. Here ray is dim, glass of window loosened, bone-chilling cold wind filled, the torch has extinguished.
He arrives at the halfway, is not careful is stumbled by anything suddenly.
He has turned the head, is narrowing the eye, adapts to the dim ray, carefully looks to trip his thing.
Immediately, he felt that like strip naked the clothes, whole person's naked exposition in the cold wind, the whole body goosebumps braved.
In Justin arranges in order stiff pouring on the floor, his whole body ice-cold, like outdoor snow and ice. A panic-stricken facial expression extremely framed on his stiff face, his glassy-eyed is staring at the ceiling. But his side, a strange picture appears in Harry at present.
(To be continued.)
35 Chinese net www.35z, renew, no ball window quickly!


35 Chinese net WW.35ww.om, renewal quickest no ball window novel net!

Chapter 149 could not bear
Almost does not have Nick of head, but also floats in the air, but he at this time no longer is the translucent cream color. But is the whole body pitch-black, the smog winds around, like one group of fearful black air suspensions in midair. His head hangs upside down on the neck, on face with Justin same panic-stricken.
“Snake started strangely unexpectedly attacked, moreover during the daytime.” Harry is breathing heavily, the heartbeat accelerates, like percussion instrument of fast rap.
He is guarding against all around vigilantly, tight in grasps begins the magic wand. In the sensation of enlargement, full is the hysterical/frenzy heartbeat, indistinct, in corridor end classroom shouting loudly of teacher.
He is this/should leaf directly, looks after the scene? He somewhat feels helpless, now he is alone a person, no friend in side, no one gives him to prompt. Remembers others to his suspicion, perhaps will stay here to be treated as the criminal. But flees here words, what to do if Justin's their statues were destroyed?
He stands there, indecisive.
However quick, he does not have the choice. By him a door was hit, always the ghost of practical joke flushed, it set up k round of in here condition.
“Oh, is the baud of being survived.” Smiling that ghost harbors evil intentions, jumps to jump side Harry, “what does baud make in this? Baud stealthy what can make?”
Does not wait for Harry to speak, it sets up k to yell, “killed people, killed the ghost, began. Is the person is the ghosts must die, the escape, was finished, Hogwarts must break down.”
“Works as, works as, works as!” In the corridor is bangs, doors by fierce shoving open, people were pushed, comes in swarms. The scene is chaotic, Justin had been stepped on several feet. People crushed into almost did not have in the Nick's pitch-dark form of head, set up k to be pushed.
Harry was also pushed near the wall, his unstated criticism, “snake blamed to come out secretly at this time, could be crushed to death by them.”
At this time, the rushed teachers finally started to keep the order, shouted loudly, did not have the function. Maine teaches runs over, she uses the magic wand to have a loud sound, ordering everyone to set up k to return to the classroom, otherwise by point deduction ruthlessly, this will gradually be suppressed the unrest.
Harry until going out of principal office time, but also is somewhat absent-minded, knows do not to go out early, stays in the dormitory warm good. Coming out first was meets behind one crowd of seemingly upright Hatch Patch to speak his malicious remarks, ran into Justin and almost does not have Nick of head by the snake strange attack, finally was also falsely accused by ghost.
Maine teaches luckily has not believed false charge of ghost, although she has not believed Harry, but took away the principal office Harry.
Dumbledore as if really has what plot, Harry remembers the matter of principal office. He saw happen to phoenix Fox of Nirvana, it may be really ugly, in phoenix difference many compared with book.
Dumbledore had not asked that also had not said, he knows do a lot, but he does not plan to consider S Harry. Harry hesitant, finally has not considered S Dumbledore their plans.
“Harry, are you all right?” He walked sensitively hurriedly.
Harry was taught by Maine takes away, has standard sweet orchid smell many students to inform He keen and Owen. They found the corridor mouth outside principal office, has been waiting for Harry in downstairs anxiously, must see Harry to be willing to feel relieved.
Harry looks at the present good friend, at heart a warmth, what kind of rumor no matter others spread, they always trust his, this is the friendship, this is fetters.
“I am all right, Professor Dumbledore is not a fool, he knows do is not I do, I will not be dismissed.” Harry's relaxed smiling, does not hope that lets keen and Owen was worried.
“I said that Dumbledore does not believe Harry is the murderer, thanking heaven and earth is well.” Owen only thought that now feels relieved.
No one can think, Harry goes out takes a stroll, meets so many things. Is good because of being not he is attacked, he was involved. Thinks, if Harry is more hapless, like Justin, will not have almost Nick of head to feed in the hospital equally, Owen is also afraid.
“Is all right well, cannot think that now the snake even starts to attack the person strangely during the daytime, the school is more and more unsafe.” He cannot bear the complaint sensitively, “also has the repugnant ghost, it most likes falsely accusing the person, this matter does not let off, was really hateful.”
They are not willing to wait for Dumbledore to solve the problem like George, is worried about this. Would some people being attacked, would some people being involved, how can wait for Dumbledore to process like this, but doesn't oneself what do?
“I want to go to discuss with George, I do not want in such passive waits for Dumbledore to solve this matter.” Harry has previously been blowing hot and cold, but sets firm resolve now finally.
He does not want following x to look that some people are injured, does not want following x to look that some people are murdered. He does not want solely to wait for Dumbledore's plan, although he also believes that finally Dumbledore can process, but this is not the reason that he can ignore.
“I also felt like this, the snake strange attack was getting more and more frequent, is getting more and more bold. Most starts is the cat, is the person, now also starts to start the attack the daytime.” He also hopes sensitively can quickly end this matter.
She knows do, George, if willing to help, they can solve the snake to be strange quickly. Solves this time problem, rather than looks the schoolmates were attacked, can only passive waits for Dumbledore's anyone not to know the plan of do.
“Good, we ask George's view.” Owen also has to echo the decisions of two good friends.
Harry can see the support of two good friends, there are some energy, started to say the amusing thing of principal office, “I saw a phoenix in the principal office”
“What? Phoenix!” He was startled to jump sensitively, that was the most dream mysterious lifeforms, was the most attractive magic pet.
“It is attractive, what is it? It has the glittering tail, the shining semblance, has the attractive feather, it also has cried of pleasant to hear” He sensitive anxious asking, she chirps keeping saying, raised questions.
She has looked at the record about phoenix in the book, her first likes on this mysterious dream lifeforms. But she has not seen the phoenix, even does not know that do it whether really saves I.
Cannot think that principal office unexpectedly phoenix, that was really inconceivable, she even had idea that turned around to break in the principal office.
Harry is somewhat saying reluctantly, “I go is not the time, is catching up with it in the Nirvana, to be honest, the appearance is very ugly.”
(To be continued.)
35 Chinese net www.35z, renew, no ball window quickly!


35 Chinese net WW.35ww.om, renewal quickest no ball window novel net!

The logic of Chapter 150 branch hat
“Nirvana, was too interesting, the phoenix can bring back to life, it can obtain the new life in the fire, like the book.” He was sensitively happy jumps and jumps, she completely disregarded Harry to speak the phoenix very ugly words, for phoenix Nirvana mysterious pleasantly surprised.
Looks He gathers round Harry sensitively happily jumps and jumps, Owen somewhat sour saying, “phoenix most receives the mysterious lifeforms that the female student likes absolutely.”
Everyone is stepping the lively step, chatted, while is walking outward.
To go to the dormitory of other school to be not so easy, but all of human society have the privilege, has the exception. George is not only Latin Crowd study the tyrant, his mutual aid association is the origins of most student spending money. As a generous local tyrant, even Skye Bring still no one wants to annoy George, Latin Crowd is his supreme headquarters, is his private plot.
Although does not gather the custom very much, but Latin Crowd's schoolmate, is very friendly led Harry they to arrive at George's single dormitory.
“Latin Crowd really has the independence dormitory, this broke the rules.” He sits on a stool sensitively, a face envies is sizing up all around, said, “branch hat also wants to divide to arrive at Latin Crowd Institute me at that time, what a pity I rejected.”
“Did branch hat suggest dividing to arrive at Latin Crowd you?” Halley in the one side, did not have more stools, his face surprised looked at He to be sensitive, “this you have not said.”
Owen naturally does not have the stool, he is also surprised looks at He to be sensitive, “was not the branch hat said that was which school, which school was?”
He spits the tongue sensitively, makes faces, said, “what has saying that the branch is not casual can?”
“Branch hat is casual on the assignment student?” Harry was shocked, “which school by the minute to the representative isn't who? Like Skye Bring is the bad ruffians, the black sorcerer will be divided Skye Bring.”
George was also shocked, resigned-looking looks at Harry, said, “how you will have such idea, you do not think that Latin Crowd is the talent, is Hatch Patch a fool?”
His helpless answered, “Hogwarts to not train the black sorcerer established, I gave before have said that Hogwarts to isolate the world of average person established. Hogwarts may be unable to decide that the destiny of person, the branch hat did not have the heart of ability resolution person.”
“How that branch hat does assign the student?” Harry face confused asking.
Harry has thought the branch hat can completely understand the essence of person, he for oneself once by branch hat minute of a matter that arrives at Skye Bring worried is very long. He harms the evil nature that p have anything to hide, after all his since childhood is really not the life of normal person after l. Now George and He actually considers S sensitively he, the branch hat cannot completely understand the heart of person.
George patient answered, “branch hat can read the thought that you sent out, which school when you want to go to own initiative, which school it will divide you. When you do not have which school is very definite, it will act according to the thought that you scatter, judged that which school you are more suitable.”
He added that “in addition, the branch hat will also divide the student according to the tradition. It will favor March family/home minute on own initiative arrives at Skye Bring, arrives at the Georgian sweet orchid smell to be many Wesley family/home minute, only if they iron core must go to other schools. But other students, sometimes the recommendations of several schools.”
George, said, “branch hat four schools had once recommended to me, no matter Skye Bring, Hatch Patch, Latin Crowd, the standard sweet orchid smell are many, I can go. Naturally, I decided Latin Crowd from the beginning.”
The Harry three people are startled dumbfounded, the mouth opens cannot close up, “how can be four schools? What things in common Skye Bring and will Hatch Patch have?”
“ Skye Bring does not represent deceitfully sly, for example Club, he is not a qualified Skye Bring from any angle,
But his family member is Skye Bring. Although Nervy also has the courage, but Hatch Patch is also very suitable his. He sensitively also very suitable Latin Crowd. Finally, Hatch Patch does not represent uprightly honest. “ George is so explaining. He after all once was an adult, naturally knew the do person is always many.
The holiest person will have the worst distracting thoughts, the difference is only, they will never be put into action the evil distracting thoughts, but will reconsider the regret.
 The Worst person, has the grief in the movie and story, but similarly, they will not penetrate in the good intentions oneself concept, their good intentions are more are only among lifeforms altogether the instinct of sentiment.
The branch hat is only one can read the magic object of shallow layer distracting thoughts in the final analysis, it is used to cope with the 11-year-old child naturally to go smoothly everywhere. They are very difficult to control oh oneself distracting thoughts, is unable to restrain own idea, the branch cannot actually be regarded in addition the heaviest yo matter. Each school will have bastard each school also to have the good egg.
Representative Skye Bring he pursues to victory, will not hesitate the method for this reason. The Georgian sweet orchid smell represents him also to have courage fight in which both sides perish much, does not compromise. Latin Crowd needless saying that to sorcerer, to grasping the person of god m strength. The knowledge is really the strength, can grasp, can slaughter, strength that can protect.
As for Hatch Patch, in George's thought also has certainly some are calm and at ease. If can choose, perhaps he in Wall Street, Hollywood is enjoying she today the convenience of modern life. Rather than is accompanying the crucible, is rubbing the dead insect, is studying the spirit, although these do not go bad.
He even tests l more than once, hires some mercenary soldiers, or buys the modern weapon. By his present strength, with the legality astonishing modern weapon, will cope with Lord Voldemort not to dread.
But break of taboo, the produced dire consequence is no one can receive she. Compared the death, some lots also wanted heavy yo compared with the death, but also was fearful.
Once he beyond dozens' Li (0.5 km), killed Lord Voldemort with a missile. What killed is Lord Voldemort, what exploded live was the entire sorcerer world, those who exploded awakes was all black sorcerers. Exploding a Lord Voldemort is very easy, is not the matter at the worst, but exploded exactly the entire sorcerer world, exploded awoke all black sorcerers, that was very fearful.
The sorcerer world isolates the boundaries of two world, is the protections of two world.
When most starts, the sorcerer world will protect the sorcerers is not polluted by the mortal, protects the sorcerer not to degenerate to join the mortal, enslaves mortal. Also, protects the mortal is not enslaved by the sorcerer, was not controlled by the sorcerer. The mortals therefore no longer need yo worships on bent knees living the god.
(To be continued.)
35 Chinese net www.35z, renew, no ball window quickly!


