Chapter 1 passes through Harry Potter Anna to take the table knife, dedicated picks up the knife point, slivers identical cubes the sugar lump.

The sugar lumps the milk is mixing in the coffee, stirring, Anna could not bear whisper slowly, “perfect”. Afterward is carrying the tray, is standing on tiptoes the tip of the toe, like a clever kitty, quiet stepping onto building.
Anna gently puts down the tray on the table, has not made a sound, looks at George's back dull.
“Finally completed, worthily is the lucky spirit medicinal preparation of most difficult refinement, six months of refinement periods have no way to reduce throughout.” Six months of refinement is completed finally, George mood is excellent.
“Really sorry, Elder Sister Anna, I have not noticed you.” Receives the lucky spirit medicinal preparation, reorganizes the tool, George saw coffee that Anna and has fallen coolly.
“Young master you one busy, on the investment of wholeheartedly, this becomes a great sorcerer merit. However, the great sorcerer also needs to rest, needs to eat meal on time.” Looks that George neglects to eat and sleep in the world of magic, Anna is happily and somewhat loves dearly.
“Moreover the great sorcerer do not forget, tomorrow was Hogwarts's admittance day. Except that prepares the good books ahead of time, the material, the clothes, the goods, what does the young master you think also to need again to take?” As a perfect maid, Anna will not forget the matter of primary importance.
“Also, was lucky Elder Sister Anna you reminded, otherwise I almost forgot.” The magic moves the will of the people, refines the lucky spirit medicinal preparation to take the entire six months, catches up before Works begins school, George does not dare a little to lose concentration, caught up luckily in the admittance recently completed.
“Before the baggage, has inspected, but also needs to take, only then Elder Sister Anna you, otherwise went to Wards to be possible on old unable to meet for a long time.” George takes up a dessert, mixed mixing in the coffee, a face earnest reply.
Is listening to this saying, the Anna hand covers the mouth to smile low voice, the facial features bent the crescent moon, “young master you may really coax the person to be happy, Hogwarts did not permit the belt/bring maid.” Was interrupted by George, Anna mood good, is going to leave disconsolate also reduced little.
“After I went to Hogwarts, troubles the Anna elder sister to take care of my grandmother, making her do not care about the business of bookstore, now makes money to me is a very easy matter.” George wolf swallowed the nonsense the finishing eating dessert, urged.
“Knew, the young master you may be only 11 years old, does not want such school of experienced good.” Anna put out the handkerchief to wipe the mouth for George, cleaned up the table, took the tray to go down the building. “Young master remembers today earlier rests is too late.”
George leaves the living room, across the corridor, returns to the bedroom, is looking on the wall Sophie Marceau's poster, George absent-minded. Tomorrow must go to Hogwarts, unknowingly, arrived at this world already 11 years.
Originally he is actually not one ordinary 11 -year-old youngsters, in Ciao Hi first just the university graduated, coming out works, is catching up with the stagnation after Chinese economic boom, the house price because of the few years ago economic booms, unattainable.
Wages because of nearly two years of economic stagnation, low inaudible. Also, when must long works overtime, a person lives difficultly in the big city, only planned while the young laborious several years, first changes money with the health. Later was well-to-do, but is spending money to trade the health.
What a pity Ciao Chiming is not very hard, as the dwelling male, the health is worrying. On the way of consecutive one week of working overtime, after fainting, stopped the heartbeat. While young with the idea that the health changes money, just started because of the death from overwork, die young early.
When wakes up again, he had turned into another person, called George, is actually called George Solos. The heavy labor after all is a good deed one time, when discovered oneself returned to the 80's, George is confident, in situation over the next dozens years with memory, by George Solos who own wealth surpasses the original world.
One passes through, has to span dozens years of vision. George felt oneself should be joined to the Hollywood godfather, the movie circle prince, the national husband,
The fashion giant, the capital big alligator, the decayed titles of this capitalism, does not disappoint himself to pass through. Therefore, when George can speak, can walk, has been starting to ponder how to depend on is prescient, not extremely strange influence guardian, is good the road of capital big alligator steps the investment to speculate in the stock market.
But when George's grandmother, gives him the formative education, before saying rests story, talked about unexpectedly when was the magic history. George discovered, oneself Hollywood godfather, the movie circle prince, the national husband, the fashion giant, the road of capital big alligator as if met the wrong opening way.
He passed through the 80's, but returned was actually not the original world, but to Harry Potter's world. Also, or does original world Harry Potter also exist?
The history and original world of this world are exactly the same, except for had/left a Harry Potter's magic world.
Apple of previous generation, Microsoft, mental association, Hear, these multinational companies also 11 exists, the leadership of company is also the former staff. At this time on George's bedroom wall, is pasting the female star Sophie Marceau's poster that the previous generation is liking.
But is called George Solos's person similarly, same ambushed the pound like the history, after understood the history of this world. This is a parallel world, is the original world, George is unable to determine.
However, no matter what, George's rise plan, needs to revise substantially.
With the understanding magic, George also knows little has not paid attention to information.
British magic population about 3000 people, when knows this data, he also had a scare. The magic population are few, but has not actually thought that the population so will be few.
Magic has the perfect system, actually only needs to manage about 3000 population, this also represents in magic. The new resident happens, once discovered that is very difficult to be separated from the control of magic again.
It is not able to be separated from the control of magic, after the representative, will be under the threat that Lord Voldemort resurrects, at this time George also understands finally why Lord Voldemort will have the so big reputation.
Lord Voldemort kills people not many, but cannot endure the magic population less, about 3000 population. If according to China, is a total number of people of school, even could not be very big school. But this is actually British this magic great nation, the population of entire country. Including everybody, including was unable dud.
New student who Hague Wards a school enters a school every year about ten people, four school new students add altogether 40 people. The total numbers of people of seven grades are also less than 300 people, in this case, even can achieve, everyone each other knew mutually.
In this case, everyone who Lord Voldemort kills, has ties of kinship with others of magic. By everyone who Lord Voldemort kills, is everyone's person, in this case, who can not be scared?
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 2 goes to the wizard school, although the sorcerer also has the mud to plant, pure blood view and discriminates mutually, but the entire sorcerer population are too really few, can graduate to release the magic smoothly, can obtain a very good work, is the magic backbone people, the proper middle class, the life is superior.

This 3000 people of small society, meets Lord Voldemort to take series magic like this, the terrorist of those who submit will prosper, those who resist shall perish, was not afraid also feels strange.
Also, this, George also knows, oneself before having strong strength, before having no way to get rid of the threat of Lord Voldemort, one side other dreams can only place temporarily.
Even if therefore is grasping the situation over the next dozens years, today's George, is the honest study magic, waits for Hogwarts's admission notice honestly. Also, can only find time in the rest, racking brains is thinking some straightforward procedures are earning the extra income.
Is good because, although cannot go to Hollywood to be the child star temporarily, cannot go to the US to make money. Also, cannot go to know Sophie Marceau ahead of time, cannot know Scarlet Johnson ahead of time, but the study magic is also a very interesting matter.
George has the soul of adult after all, knows from birth, ahead of time built the reliable foundation, although often complained at heart must go to Hollywood, but the body was actually very honest. Once after calming down, before returning to the test platform, a pair of pupil flashed the brilliance, the thoughts has been sinking to the experiment completely.
As the secret of magic bit by bit launches in George at present, studies the magic no longer to maintain life merely, no longer passed the plot merely safely.
This is the charm of magic, from the mysterious knowledge of magic, from the rule exploration to unknown world, making the science and technology fall behind magic of common custom, making the sorcerers consistently maintain the unequaled superiority feeling facing the average person, unequaled sense of pride.
The average people eventually are only numb Gun, no matter they are grasping much wealth, masters much knowledge, wears many armors. They before sorcerer like baby frail, does not have the protection.
When the sorcerers raise hand, stamps the foot, can kill the world's strongest wrestle. Can search numb Gun the memory, can control numb Gun the mind, even if at this time sorcerer essence or mortal, but grasped these strengths, how also not to raise the superiority feeling, doesn't raise the discrimination to the hemp melon?
Thinks of here, George opens a suitcase on bed, takes out own magic wand, this is the powerful magic wand that origin ten two and three quarters dragon elm and dragon nerves make.
The charm is powerful, is textually solid, may use the magic, nearly may keep off the sword. This is the George 9 years old earn the first barrel of gold/metal time to the birthday present that oneself make to order, the price is 20 times of ordinary magic wand, has not actually spent how much money.
George takes the magic wand single-handedly, takes out a maroon small box case from the clothing of suitcase, on the box case is one group of long string combination locks, the input password opens the later inside is a gray small box case.
“After Allah Duo Songhai” an unblinking incantation, in the box case velvet the lining, lying down is being two clear thinks of the amber brown liquid translucently the small jar. He puts out a same small bottle from the body, cautious putting in abreast in row, traces the clear bottle body.
“The price of magic was really the conscience, what a pity the truly good thing, unable to buy richly.” A George feeling, this fastens the box case gently, installs.
Since can make money after the mundane world, the expenses of magic, will not bring any pressure on George. Facing 3000 people of small markets, facing the big market of the world, the speed of money-making is naturally no comparison between them.
5 pounds can exchange 1 gold Along, a regular price of magic wand does not arrive at 10 golds Along, converts the Renminbi 500 Yuan, is cheap makes the previous generation live George in high price world unable to believe.
Taking advantage of the low consumer price of being bewitched legal community, he also took many advantages, buys the thing only to buy well,
Most expensive, this actually could not spend how much money. What a pity in this sorcerer world genuine good thing, everyone covers-up, there are magic section many bans. The Ciao Zhijiali inherited several hundred years of bookstores, actually could not find several valuable books, finally must go to Works.
...
“" George had a long yawn, listless is looking at out of the window, last night one did not pay attention, looks too late, does not have the rest to be good finally. Originally planned that today must know Harry Potter, but the spirit was not good also even.
“Child was really repugnant.” George cannot bear a whisper, he was the grandmother and Anna has previously lived in the same place, ordinary day recreational activity, was primarily the demon medicine experiment and magic trains, these years have deferred to the habits and customs of Sir.
Today is seeing a child of entire compartment, are more than sum total of over the past 11 years seeing, thinks that must cross for 6-7 years with these children, the anticipation to Hogwarts, one is previously about not to have now. For the gloomy future, deeply had a yawn.
“Could find the way to skip a grade” thinks in the suitcase, the two -and-a-half bottles of lucky spirit medicinal preparations in safe box case, George touches the chin, had an idea.
The magic price is cheap, George can make money through the money market, is not short of money seriously, what a pity the thing often cannot buy richly.
George these years, build the solid foundation except for the study, the biggest harvest is the formula of lucky spirit medicinal preparation. But except for lucky has bought one bottle of lucky spirit medicinal preparations, other two bottles spent entire one year to refine laboriously.
“Also I found the true usage of lucky spirit medicinal preparation luckily, otherwise a half year boils the system to increase 12 hours of luck, the antibiotic nature, this medicament really became the weak.” Two -and-a-half bottles of lucky spirit medicinal preparations are George now the biggest card in hand, is he taking advantage that plans to skip a grade.
“The brain of magician extremely ossifies, the function of OK medicinal preparation is not the appearance that the surface displays.” In the formula and effect introduction of demon medicine, small bottle luck spirit medicinal preparation can bring 12 hours of good luck.
Before the effect vanishes, the matter that wants to handle can wish coming true, although has the antibiotic natures and some side effects, but the effect was still astonishing. Therefore, sports competition, test or campaign and other competitions forbids the use of lucky spirit medicinal preparation in explicitly.
“Used to compete the lucky spirit medicinal preparation, that is really careless and wasteful use of nature's products, what a pity I grasp the lucky spirit medicinal preparation the true usage, actually buys impossible.” Regarding not being able to buy the lucky spirit medicinal preparation, George has taken to heart, after grasping the going against heaven's will usage of lucky spirit medicinal preparation, the lucky spirit medicinal preparation forever dislikes insufficiently.
Originally after George obtains the lucky spirit medicinal preparation formula, was attracted by the introduction of lucky spirit medicinal preparation effect, is unable to imagine wishes coming true is what logic. Later many consult related information, lucky buys one bottle of lucky spirit medicinal preparations, an experiment, made him open the true usage of lucky spirit medicinal preparation unexpectedly!
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The correct usage average men of Chapter 3 luck spirit medicinal preparation only work as the lucky liquid medicines the lucky spirit medicinal preparation, drinks to bring 12 hours of good luck one time, actually never thinks, lucky back logic. The defect of sorcerer world elementary education, making sorcerers from generation to generation miss this buried treasure, otherwise, the future of sorcerer should be the stars sea.

In George opinion, the lucky spirit medicinal preparation can change the destiny of person unexpectedly. No matter then affects outside, affects in within/inner, the back of this going against heaven's will affect, should not be used to make 12 hours of good luck merely.
After George obtains the lucky spirit medicinal preparation, immediately experiments own idea impatiently, but the effect estimates him is more astonishing.
When he closes himself in the jet black room, seals up five feelings, only leaves behind the spirit time, the lucky spirit medicinal preparation was buried many years of astonishing secret, erupts truly in George's brain.
Originally the lucky spirit medicinal preparation through to person all senses, the increases of all organs, making one surpass the limit, this strength, making people unknowingly nearly omnipotent, lets the person wishes coming true in the competition and athletics.
But similarly, all strengths also limited, surpassed the limit, finally will stop in a higher limit. The lucky spirit medicinal preparation after all is only the increase medicament, is impossible to change the logic, reverses the causes and effects. Therefore, the lucky spirit medicinal preparation in the use of average man can only as effective lucky liquid medicines, these not be the true usage of lucky spirit medicinal preparation.
Only some, when George assumed boldly, the careful proof, with sealing up the means of oneself five feelings, making OK spirit medicinal preparation all increases only limit to the spirit, at this time erupted the effect that the lucky spirit medicinal preparation goes against heaven's will.
When the lucky spirit medicinal preparation only affects in the spirit, with the minimum dosage, can let the spirit and thought of person, surpasses the limit. In this fearful condition, the study, pondered, the inference, showed that turns into the world the simplest matter.
“If previously I can only depend upon talent diligently, now, I really grasp the talent of shortcut.” Thinks of here, in George heart is also fiery, before tried to improve the lucky spirit medicinal preparation the refinement time, the material that because had been insufficient, is unable to discover the means.
But to Hogwarts, shortened the refinement time of lucky spirit medicinal preparation, is sooner or later matter. Then graduates ahead of time, matter that can also consider.
Thinks of here, George spirit also raised, starts to size up all around. At this time a black hair, wears the boy of black frame small circle eye, two carry with the hand an unwieldy big box, in a flash entered this compartment.
“Also was really predestined friends” George Station, “I helped you raise.” Was saying does not wait for Harry to agree, has carried with the hand his box, a request, then placed on the luggage rack of compartment gently.
“Thank you!” Harry looks at opposite this appearance delicate big man, the cheek slightly red.
“Is impolite, slight effort.” Looks at Harry this emaciated Suzuki bean Ding the appearance, George somewhat sympathizes.
“My name was Harry Potter, were you school leader of higher grades?” Harry asked.
“No, I am also newborn, my name was George Solos.” George bent the arm, demonstrated gigantic muscles biceps brachii, then returns said: “I am also 11 years old”.
“" Is looking at present this robustly, high many grandiose man, Harry have really not been able to believe that the opposite party is only 11 years old.
“Hahn, you should increase the nutrition, strengthens the exercise.” Is seeing Harry's dumbfounded appearance, George somewhat is quite proud, compares the previous generation less than 170 heights, but also early death from overwork.
This whole life George learns from a painful experience, pays attention to exercise since childhood, the attention nutrition, was not once dwelling male. Then 11 years old, have 175 heights, exercises grandiose muscle.
“This is I act according to the foods with Chinese medicines mixed and the demon pharmacy, the nutrition meal of manufacture, you can try.” George was saying takes out a white heat preservation box from own baggage, supplemented one.
“It can make you high and strong.” With the rapid progress of George demon pharmacy, the progressive improvement of formula, the present nutrition meal from the initial provision nutrition, has been able to grow by the present fast. Also in this year the time, George's height and build by a growth quick strong boy, turn into a tall man rapidly.
Harry knows that the curriculum that after the demon pharmacy is entered a school, is going to learn, foods with Chinese medicines mixed in word, although has not heard, but wants to come is also very precious thing, for a while is not good to accept. But hears this nutrition meal to make one high and strong, immediately the heart movement, each emaciated child, had fantasized grandiose powerful.
“Really can make one strong?” Harry some cannot believe, “this was too precious.”
“We are the friends, you're welcome.” George's modest saying.
“We are the good friends.” George's words let in thoughts of gain one warm, is out of control the nose somewhat to turn sour, responded to one, hurries to bury in the lunch box.
Looks at Harry to suppress the tears, earnestly in lunch box. George puts out a book, pretends to turn writes books, in the heart is also a feeling. After all is only the 11-year-old child, since childhood lives under subjugation, only needs the good intention of bystander, Harry is moved.
“Except for Harry, He should also need one sensitively.” Must know magic charm, with body and age mature gradually promotes. Fast growth promotion may not only be only the height, body weight, a strong charm, if unnecessary, George does not plan to spread temporarily this formula.
A person eats meal, compartment ed in peaceful. Is only left over “works as, when” train hits the sound of railway rail to deduct the rhythm that a classification sends. Out of the window speeds along, but is the desolated field, later is the linking up into a single stretch wood, rivers and verdant deep green hill that wind to flow.
After a while some people knocked the compartment ed gate, a moon-face young fat boy walks, on the face brings the tear stains. “Very sorry,” he said, “I want to ask, did you see my toad?”
“Sorry, here has not seen your toad.” Harry replied.
The young boy cried. “It ran away! I lost it!”
“You will find it.” Harry comforts to say.
“Hope so” boy sobbed saying that “that if you saw, please must tell me.” Then turns around to leave.
“Toad is not the good pet, a sorcerer, should choose one to conform to the status, the demon that can help favors.” Regarding the toad or the mouse, George absolutely does not have the favorable impression, voiced under the complaint, “raven and black cat should be the demon of sorcerer favor.”
At this time Harry had finished eating the food, the body depends on the sofa to move in the future.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 4 day scholarship Tyrant He min “!” George smiled secretly, almost forgot, the nutrition meal defers to his standard preparation. For Harry does not disappoint George's good intention, eats completely, then supports the throat, was really the stubborn and pure child.

George is repressing laughter, puts out the magic wand, “cleans up one newly”, all around cleaning up will be clean.
At this time, a little miss who wore Hogwarts long gown opened the compartment ed door, happen to saw this. The little misses just threw the young boy of toad behind.
“This is the spell cleans up one newly, can be used clean and cleans. I have also tried this incantation, practices at home time, had an effect, but cannot achieve such with ease.”
“ My family member does not know the magic, when just received the admission notice, everyone thinks that is the fraud. Knows that this is real, I was surprised, was very happy. I checked the material about school, according to the material, Works is the best magic school?
I carried all textbooks. Naturally, I hope that this can make me catch up with everyone's study progress, my name was He sensitive Grainier, knew you very much happily. By the way, do you name? “ Little miss machine-gun must be mad to say.
“Right, did you see Nervy's toad?” The little misses supplemented one.
Looks at the question of little miss machine-gun, some George headaches, had not noticed before, He sensitively is words discussed. “My name was George Solos, he was Harry Potter, toad that we have not seen Nervy.”
“Really is Harry Potter?” He keen asked. “You be a big celebrity, several reference books that, I buy additionally, «Modern Magic History», «Rise and fall Black Magic», «The 20 Th century Important Magic Event», in these books mentioned you.”
Hears here, George truly had the direct-viewing feeling to the sensitive studying Tyrant Sheen, is really fearful reading and memory ability.
11 years old after all were just on the age of middle school. Magic because of the population problem, the elementary education has done not well, therefore the textbook of first grade is also very simple. Carries the textbook completely, regarding the 11-year-old child is the dreadful matter, but George can accept.
But «Modern Magic History», «Rise and fall Black Magic», «The 20 Th century Important Magic Event», these may be the reading material of adult, He keen can read remember these books, the talent degree seriously is the ultra imagination.
“Mentioned me?” Harry by the sensitive long string question, was struck the corona with a long string books name.
“Oh, you can not know unexpectedly. If there is book to mention me, I will certainly write down them.” He sensitive surprised saying.
“ Right, you knew own following branch ceremony, by minute to which school?
I hope that I can be the standard sweet orchid smell am many, I have inquired to the students of higher grades, said that the standard sweet orchid smells are best. Moreover, now greatest sorcerer, Dumbledore from there graduation. However, I think that Latin Crowd is also good, there recruitment many smart people. “ He keen also asked.
“First did not propose this, I must help Nervy look for his toad. When the next train must arrive, you can first change the clothes.” He sensitive machine-gun said that also does not wait for George and Harry replied, hasty got that young boy to walk together.
“Really is little miss hurriedly.” George whispered, then transfers the god to start to comfort Harry, “do not care about others' view, what you need learns the magic, later all questions you can 11 find the answer.”
“Thank you, George!” Hears George's comfort, Harry's tight spirit relaxed finally.
Since arrives at this mysterious magic world, as if everyone knows him, knows him, incomparably knew about him. Only then he knows nothing about himself, he is the thorough outsider. Everyone was discussing that he never knows,
Harry Potter who does not know. This strange environment, making Harry closely stretch a string throughout, is at a loss. Until George said this saying, Harry the resembles caught a straw, knows oneself need to do studied the magic well.
Looks appearance that in Harry eyes glitters, by becomes the firm and resolute facial expression confusedly, George is also the secret nod. Harry does not lack the talent, does not lack the opportunity, in the future will become a powerful sorcerer, but can obtain a greater achievement, can cross happily, actually can only depend upon he himself.
After a while, the gate was opened, this time no longer is He keen, no longer is Nervy.
Came in three boys, one is Harry in the opposite angle lane has run into the child of looking pale. He has the vision of carefully examining, “ cheerful, interested “ is looking at Harry, this makes Harry feel very uncomfortable.
“Harry Potter?” He asked, “the people of entire train are discussing you, said that you in following admittance Works, will say you once saved the world. Are you Harry Potter?”
“Yes.” Harry said that also looks to the pretty boy his side two boys, one on the left and other on the right, two ugly short and stocky they stand by the pretty boy, like his pair of bodyguard.
The pretty boy discovered two people who Harry is looking at his side, introduced casually, “this is Club, this is Gore, my name was March, Draco Malay.”
“Among the pure blood sorcerers can the birth noble friendship, you be able to become the friend of mine.” March asks for with Harry to shake hand, but Harry has not responded.
“I know that who is the friend of mine.” March's arrogant look makes Harry mental association to oneself that stupid cousin, Alive think of the ritual immediately, reply that therefore he coldly.
Harry's indifference, making the March pale face rise the faint trace to blush.
“I, if you, Harry, I will be very discrete, your situation is not very good.” He said sluggishly. “If you do not want to take your parents' that road. You must intelligent, you should not know good from bad like them, only then I can help you.”
Harry leaps stood, “you go out to me now.”
“Meaning that we have not wanted now.” March looks at Harry interestingly, to enraging this celebrity appears is very interested.
“Hopes March you, when terminal examinations, but can also be so unyielding. When the time comes if even takes a test loses to Harry, that may lose your pure blood Draco family's face.” George is not willing to look at March to bluff and bluster again.
March looked at present this appearance delicate big man, who without recognizing is, supposed is the school leader of higher grades.
“Snort!” March deliberately considers unable to profit. To Harry the chin snort/hum, leads Club and Gore turns around to leave
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


After Chapter 5 arrives wizard school March and his party leave, follows close on He sensitive Grainier to come. “Had an accident?”

“I have many things to need to study. I take a test will definitely lose to March, I possibly am in the class the worst student.” George mentioned the test a moment ago, was Harried recently continuously the heavyhearted matter, then some careless words.
“, The sorcerer world population are too don't worry few, the elementary education has been very bad. The student from average person family, the academic record is often better than the sorcerer family.” George is comforting Harry.
“Real? Isn't the sorcerer family's child academic record better than us?” Is listening to George's words, on the sensitive face shows the exciting smile, hurries to pursue asks.
“You know, my family member does not know the magic, I check the material, knows that this is the most outstanding school, I was afraid the study unable to follow, using many thoughts to carry the textbook.”
“Don't worry, He is sensitive you steamroll in the study their.” Listens to study Tyrant He min, because the fear study cannot follow, under the back the complete textbook, George is also out of control to raise diligently the heart of admiring to this strong little miss diligently.
“Does not need to care about the view of numb Gun and pure blood, they are only one crowd by the bear child of teaching people bad things. This is the thing that is used to deceive people, until today, British magic world total population also about 3000. Before was miserable, absolutely does not have the so-called absolute pure blood.” George to encourage Harry and He is sensitive, while convenient popular science a magic present situation.
Child who “ average person can also the birth charm, the sorcerer give birth, also inborn cannot.
These promoted the person of pure blood, was only one group of self-deceiving pitiful creatures, the result in the school were not often good, only then depended upon the parents is the sorcerer obtains the inexpensive superiority feeling, comforted the frail self-respect. “
“Right, I must the steamroll in the academic record they.” Is listening to George's encouragement, the introduction to the sorcerer world, He sensitively seems very excited. From an ordinary household, received Hogwarts's record to win others'trust, gives He to bring the huge happiness sensitively, created the tremendous pressure.
In this admittance all the way, “hemp melon” “mud is planted” by being called that many people discriminate against, making the self-respect all along very strong He sensitively at heart very uncomfortable, then with the help of George, found the exit|to speak of expression, immediately is determined to the children in steamroll this sorcerer world in the result.
“After He enters a school sensitively the duty other steamroll schoolmates in the result.” George is saying, while looks at He to be sensitive, sees only He sensitively excited is supporting the small chest, a face is earnest and ensure completes the task the appearance, at this time made people think her is also an 11-year-old child.
George smiles, then when looks at Harry, Wharton also stood the body, like soldier of wait command. “After Harry enters a school the duty is the result cannot miss He too to be sensitively many.”
“Giggle” He smiles sensitively looks like shaking the wind chimes.
“Here” Harry smiles some foolishness and helplessness, awkward traces the back of the head with the hand.
“You change the long gown of school quickly, I have asked the driver, immediately must arrive.” He keen recalled at this time reason that come.
George shot a look at one toward out of the window, the day had gotten dark. Under the horizon multicolored sunlight is a mountain forest. The train gradually started to reduce speed the speed. Therefore, hurries to take off the coat, changes the black long gown.
Waits to recover, sees only Harry and He keen positive/correct is looking at him dull.
“What's wrong?” George asked.
“Like the sculpture, you took off/escaped the appearance of clothes to be really attractive.” He keen replied, said, blocked blushing on face with the hand, penetrated the finger quietly secretly looked to George.
What in George coat puts on is the tight-fitting vest, changes into the long gown the coat directly, has not cared about two little fellows. Actually does not know the own developed muscle, has made the astonishing impression on two little fellows.
Looks that Harry also stays there,
George knocked his head gently, making him hurry to change the clothes, at this time He keen CAI left. “Crossed five minutes of train arriving at Hogwarts Wizard School again, invited fellow students, placed on your baggage the train, we will deliver to the school for you properly.” The voice of train attendant reverberates on the vehicle.
Harry seems somewhat anxious, saw George's strong form, this calms down, on the stream of people following corridor faces forward to well up.
The train was gradually slow, finally stopped. The passengers jostle each other in a crowd, rushes to the vehicle door, had/left the vehicle door, is one is black and in the small platform. Just came out, cold air blew, making Harry hit to tremble, later the body is flowing a warm current.
Then a big form appears, raises the lamp that is rocking unceasingly, is. Harry hears to shout loudly: “Coolie comes, with me, to here! Harry, are you good? Comes to here quickly.”
In the crowded tide of people, the smile, the big body is appearing is not scary. The new students, come, come with me, be careful the under foot, do not throw down, be not stepping on the person, we must leave here. “
Leads the people to stumble along all the way, after a steep narrow alley, cautious got down a pitch. By the alley sees the cover indistinctly the woods. Comes densely smother, on the road no one spoke, everyone sped up the footsteps secretly.
“Turns around curved, front was the wizard school, Hogwarts.” Then shouts.
Comes to the end of alley, appears a lake, looks like a black mirror under the dim light of night, a castle towers on the hillside of lake opposite shore, in the castle the spire stands in great numbers, aims at the sky, ray twinkle of windows under moonlight.
“This is the place that the destiny interweaves, this is Hogwarts.” Looks that the people were attracted by the castle, George cannot bear be sad, strength, destiny, future of here people, in this ancient castle.
The sunlight by the landing window of castle, sprinkles a light shadow on the corridor, prints out one after another seal on the ground. In George hand takes the book that was just reading, will go to the library, sees front to have two familiar forms.
“Hi, Harry, hi, Owen.” In George brandished started the book, Harry and Owen who whispered said a hello to not far away.
At the branch ceremony, George has oneself plan early, said to the branch hat categorically, only goes to Latin Crowd. George after all is the mental maturity adult, so long as has a mind, goes to each school to deal with ease. But considering oneself always plans, Latin Crowd naturally is the only choice.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 6 top student Harihari and He keen are not as expected went to the standard sweet orchid smell to be many, Harry and Owen also become the good friend as always, after all a school also only had ten new students.

“Hi, George.” Harry and Owen walked dejectedly.
“Looks at the expressions of your bitter in suffering and deep in hatred, just finished attending the demon medicine class?” George asked.
“Shape hates certainly me, I at the beginning school feast know that he does not like me, he looked that my expression like looking in the monkey that his study room disturbs.” Harry's discouraged saying.
A George face sympathy, Shape to Harry created obstacles for everyone to know.
George felt, Shape really hates Harry, did not mean, Shape and Harry's father has the deep friendship, is unrequited loving Harry's mother, Shape will really like Harry.
“Shape always aims at Harry who to look, he was partial to Skye Bring, his class always uncomfortable, repugnant March has talked too much in side.” Owen does not like Shape, naturally his more repugnant Maria, Maria meets each time must ridicule his family, Owen are few to March's repugnant not Bhaji.
“, I am sorry!” George showed an understanding expression. “You must know, the demon pharmacy is the required course, later also has the advanced demon medicine class.”
“Oh!” Hears this saying, expression that Harry and Owen, had soon died.
For Shape to Harry parents' the responsibility and guilt, can use oneself life to replace Harry, but this cannot hinder the Shape's dislike to Harry.
This is a very irritable sentiment, harbors the responsibility, is resentful. As if like every so often parents to children, provides the help and protection, while kidnaps and threat.
Shape cares about Harry to live very much, actually did not mind that the suppression accuses Harry, did not mind that makes Harry forever very uncomfortable. Like hides back Dumbledore forever, they only minded whether Harry is living, whether can resist Lord Voldemort.
As for 11-year-old Harry whether can undertake these, actually as for was maltreated indifferent Harry to have anything since childhood, they do not care. Perhaps they will also care, is only like the old person of each old faction, they think that under the club the loyal son, the tribulation pain can create the powerhouse.
George does not like this way, George dislikes this way, person who therefore this Jeangeorges cannot dislike like him, hides as a depth in the plot back careerist. He chooses the initiative contact to help Harry on own initiative, becomes Harry, He is sensitive, Owen's friend, rather than studying Dumbledore, Shape is the same, becomes back control.
“OK, spanked up, first did not say that demon medicine class, recently your other curriculum schoolwork were are very good.” George slightly crosses the demon medicine class matter, starts to encourage Harry and Owen.
“Un! I do not have to think oneself can keep up with the curriculum progress unexpectedly, but also studies well.” Harry is excited, before he enters a school, has been heavyhearted about the curriculum, even on the train after George's comfort still has a lingering fear, until the official admittance, George let keen makes the period to strengthen enrolling in supplementary lessons to Harry and Owen, Harry then discovered that the curriculum became relaxed.
“I do not have to think own result can also be among the best, will then go home is not scolded.” Owen appears a face to be honest, he is the family's sixth child, five elder brothers in the school are the top students, usually carries the tremendous pressure.
The school is the study place, the result is important to each student, the result good to receive giving favored treatment of teacher. Own will also be more relaxed, therefore the life in campus also becomes colorful.
In the middle of the original history, Harry and Owen were disturbed from the beginning, once the study falls, the progress will constantly accumulate, is getting more and more difficult to catch up, seriously is the bad opening, causes bad luck.
This phase of history, had George's ahead of time involvement, He sensitively early made strengthened enrolling in supplementary lessons to Harry and Owen.
After the admittance, Harry and Owen's study has not fallen, various aspects lived were also better. George knows, the person will not be interested in the study. Knows obviously oneself should try hard, is not always actually able to control itself, is always distracted, always feels anxious, because met from the beginning troublesome.
People said that “good start, is successful half!” These words are very reasonable, this did not mean that must the good opening have the good result, but is all things of person, has the goal, needs to feed back and stimulate. The good feedback and good stimulation, can make the action of person more and more smooth.
The study is a return very slow activity, the short period cannot see the change, but is loaf to idle actually to attract the short-term attention of person with ease. If the person cannot open to train the relation of study and harvest, the later achievement will be greatly affected.
The people after all are not the machines, without the feedback, without the exciting matter is unable to do for a long time.
George previous generation has suffered such hardship, in childhood went to school, the study can concentrate on, felt the feedback the time, attended class can be enthralled, 40 minutes of curriculum, in concentrated on crossed with ease, under this condition the study was a very small matter.
But because afterward studied extremely simply, the progress was implicated, at this time in classroom, once formed the habit of being distracted, lost the dedicated ability.
Finally, in the process of study cannot feel the clear feedback again, the forward endless chain of entire study was broken. Under this condition all studies turn into sticky business, frequently feels anxious, by disturbance easily.
But once the study falls behind, later is the taunt critique of schoolmate teacher, family member's beating and scolding blame. Is this, the person is anxious, the result will also be getting more and more bad, finally just like makes a snowman general, the snowball that a negligence makes, got bigger and bigger, changed the person lifetime entire destiny.
This chain is indestructible until the later period, can only not seek the breakthrough in the place, at this time, the person has been almost impossible to depend upon the study of school to change own destiny.
In the middle of original history, Harry and Owen, even if experiences various risks, the mental far ultra schoolmate, was favored by the destiny, actually can never obtain the breakthrough in the academic record, can only maintain at the academic record of middle reaches is still such reason.
This for a lifetime, under George's intervention, He Min's ahead of time enrolling in supplementary lessons strengthening, Harry and Owen had compared with an original historical better beginning, had better starting point, three people of school life, three people of sentiments were better
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Pot this time George who Chapter 7 educates just like a big brother, takes to three people of pressures, takes to them to support. Although George the words are not many, the influence actually frequently.

Three people of contradictory and small temperament in having one “elder” in the situation will restrain many, Harry is so no longer easy to have a fit of temper, He will also pay attention to oneself tone sensitively.
George does not have to think oneself will have such effect, but he is happy to see this change, facilitates this friendly chemical reaction on own initiative.
“Having the issue asked He to be sensitive, but she studies tyrant.” George supplemented, gets bigger and bigger with the disadvantaged snowball, advantage from the beginning will also get bigger and bigger like the snowball, previous generation these graduations can the yearly salary 300,000- 500,000 study tyrants are really not the talents, but is the snowball of disadvantaged and advantage lets at first same average person, in goes separate ways from the beginning.
Since childhood accumulates the advantage the snowball smooth, the snowball that since childhood accumulates the disadvantage makes people step by step difficult.
Harry and Owen are starting to accumulate the superior now the snowball, George hope that this snowball can get bigger and bigger, easily will even have been ground by this giant snowball under until Lord Voldemort finally.
“He sensitive academic record is very good, but you study the tyrant, each schoolwork first.” Harry and Owen looked at each other one, replied. Also, has George schoolwork to suppress He to be sensitive stubbornly, He keen no matter how, in each schoolwork difference George are diligently many, at this time Harry and Owen also to must surpass George's He more sensitive diligently many sympathies.
“I grow after all early, start to study the core curriculum several years ahead of schedule, He keen is the true talent.” George returns to say.
“Isn't March's result unexpectedly why good? Should his family/home the having money since childhood please personal family education?” Asking of Harry doubts, actually March result is not somewhat good, is above-average at the student.
However, does not raise George and He is sensitive, Harry and Owen after He sensitive powerful enrolling in supplementary lessons, the result surpassed March, therefore he thought that March academic record is not good, thinks his impressive on the outside but lacking substance. Regarding the child of this age, defeats a repugnant person happier matter in without the ratio.
“Right, saw each time March result had been pressed an expression by us, too was happy.” Can make March admit defeat in the result, Owen is excited, the study power therefore increases day by day.
“I had previously said that the sorcerer world's elementary education actually does not well, the population of sorcerer world is the huge issue. Without enough opportunity, without enough comparison, is not enough to develop to facilitate the large-scale progress.” This is the conclusion that George observes to draw.
Looks at Harry and appearances of some Owen hear of books from heaven, George is testing simpler words, supplemented several. “Simply speaking, the sorcerer world population are few, the teacher are also few, the good teacher less, can make you study almost to become the relaxed good teacher not to have.”
“!” Hears the George such simple analogy, nod of Harry and Duo NCAA are suddenly enlighten.
“Therefore becomes the sorcerer do not have the superiority feeling, He keen is a good teacher, if your study progress can follow He to be sensitive, later can become a great sorcerer.” George is encouraging Harry and Owen.
Harry and Owen heard this goal seriously, the breath also several points, the magic obviously and controllable, making the study of magic to have the intimate understanding compared with the knowledge of hemp melon.
In the classroom the magic of professors is to make everyone broaden the outlook, at this time Harry and Owen had the good result ahead of time, had the good beginning, this goal at heart also had the promotion, hopes, can become the powerful sorcerer.
“Pitifully, George you are not really many ins Griffin.” One was encouraged by George, Harry was happier, starts to regret that cannot divide with George in a school.
“Right, if George are also many in the Georgian sweet orchid smell, we did not fear Shape's problem-making.” Owen is also an approval of face, George all trades schoolwork is first,
These weeks, had made many school grades for Latin Crowd. “Hahn” George smiles, then replied, “I felt recently was also very irritable, looks each time Maine taught to me awards marks the expression of time, I planted, her next second will expel the idea of classroom me.”
Harry recalled when a Maine teaches attending class the expression, high and low took a look at George, could not bear also smile. “You were too big, completely not like 11-year-old student.”
Thinks of here, Harry complexion also strange, since has the nutrition meal that George gave after the train, recently he also discovered the own frail fragile body, roused gradually. School long gown no longer empty can probably rinse the wind to be the same.
Can become solid strong makes certainly the Harry very happy matter, but is thinking quickly like George, a robust man, was surrounded in one crowd of 11-year-old Suzuki bean tinkle, Harry also hit to tremble.
Owen looks that the George big body actually envies him to have five elder brothers, has received seriously enough is played tricks on by several elder brothers.
Wishes one could itself also to have the George such grandiose stature, when the time comes the left hand raises March, the right hand is raising Fred, how wants to play with how to play with, thinks that here Owen stupidly smiled.
Looks at the Harry strange expression, before comparing, on the train the solid body, George had understood Harry's idea gradually, but did not remind.
The nutrition meal that Harry eats up is limited, if not continue to supplement, the effect also can only support Harry becomes stronger than the contemporaries, must like he himself the robust, fast growth, actually must need the movement and continues to increase the nutrition.
“Hahn, therefore I had free time to soak in the library recently.” George somewhat helpless replied. Synthesizes the foods with Chinese medicines mixed in oneself, under the help of nutritional agents the demon codex makes, the body of fast growth, is a result that George is proud.
But now such a robust man, actually has to stay among one group of 11-year-old children, on the core curriculum of first grade, is for several years ago has practiced the thoroughly cooked magic.
Several weeks later, George is the big feeling headache.
Although the reliable foundation forever is most important, but the curriculum of first grade will not really have any help to George.
He can feel that Maine teaches looks at him each time, when gives he awards marks the irritability of expression, oneself then such as stand and wait for a long time robust man Jeangeorges in Lilliput also to feel somewhat irritably.
“Latin Crowd's library truly compares several other schools to be better.” Thinks of here, Harry also nods, starts to understand that George goes to Latin Crowd's reason.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 8 library “that did not disturb you, we must go back to do the homework.” Harry looks that the time was also up, thinks that also has the thick work, starts to have a headache.

“Bye!” Looks that Harry and Owen step onto compared with an original historical better track on, George also feels very happy.
To result in like oneself, small action, so long as at an appropriate time, can skid the huge energy, making all things develop toward the good aspect.
Said goodbye to Harry and Owen, George across corridor one after another, walked toward the library.
Even if knows that Harry is doomed to go to the Georgian sweet orchid smell to be many, George has not thought the school beside Latin Crowd from the beginning.
Must know that most great sorcerer inventors and innovators stem from Latin Crowd, Latin Crowd's invention including the famous full moon mirror, with has become the magic essential transportation vehicle, flies path Fen.
Must know that magic these years, has seemed somewhat spiritless, nearly a hundred years of the greatest sorcerer, the Dumbledore greatest achievement, unexpectedly is dragon blood 12 usages.
After arriving at this world, magic low Jeangeorges was once surprised, if he is willing to expose oneself research, even if only the nutritional agents that the promotion grows, enough has helped him win the Merging first-level medal.
As for the true usage of lucky spirit medicinal preparation, can be the rewriting entire magic entire history. His meager research has such result, regarding the low of this time entire magic, deeply feels puzzled for a while.
However, George can take up can also put down quickly, said that he after all will not be the indigenous people, the grasping of idea and future situation of crossing over brain, truly will not be others can imagine, will be inappropriate by this standard others.
Knows that other person of unreliable, could not count on, George also has to try to find the solution.
In this case, although Works is the process that George must undergo, but he does not count on the knowledge of teacher dependence learned these go by the book, can achieve own desire.
After all a Lord Voldemort has let entire Works, even entire magic was critical situation.
But had the lucky spirit medicinal preparation, George who creates the nutrition meal cannot tolerate itself to hide in an 11 -year-old child behind, waits for Harry to eliminate Lord Voldemort with the aid of the luck.
At this time, the study can only depend upon itself, Works's giant book collection is George's only prospect, like this except for Latin Crowd, naturally cannot have other choice again.
But in the founder relics of four graduate schools, Latin Crowd's royal crown that also only then can promote the wisdom has the excellent technique content. Georgian sweet orchid smell many treasured swords, Skye Bring hangs the falling box, Hatch Patch's gold cup has not displayed the function.
What a pity four relics except for Georgian sweet orchid smell many treasured swords, were made soul by Lord Voldemort, is not good to contact ahead of time. Except for knowing them has the special material quality probably, can be made soul, does not know that has any concrete use.
However, from the sea Dianna killed result, Latin Crowd's royal crown not too possibly true improvement wisdom, wants to increase should be the computing power of brain, strengthens the spirit and so on use.
However even this, is still not other temporary use unidentified three treasures can compare.
Is thinking, George while arrived at the library, librarian Madame even Si nods toward him.
Even Si the wife is an old female, seems like some malnutrition seems thin, condor that a pair of pupil actually resembles hunts. She is severe, testy, particularly discovered when others cannot respect the books that her these treasure.
Madame even Si has the special sentiment to the books, like the reverent believer's respect and belief to book, therefore especially repugnant lower grade the optional attitude of student's to book. She is severe, meticulous, in her domain, no matter who, the best honest also reverent treats each book.
In George family/home is also the book man, in childhood had been urged by the grandmother to the maintenance and loving care of book,
Also, formed the good habit. Arrived the library, compared optional of others, one made harsh Madame even Si has the favorable impression. George's present appearance also has the huge fraudulence, 11-year-old child, the grandiose delicate and pretty stature of just like the ancient Greece statue, liked a crane among chickens in the school seriously, accepted many special attention from an admittance.
The person of same grade is inconceivable looking, various inexplicable gazes, will have the child to trace his muscle occasionally.
Is good does not care to these because of George, genially by right. This child and George talked need to raise head, under the George serious expression, displayed like a school teacher, the child who let the same grade has the natural alienation, therefore they returned to the middle of oneself small group quickly.
The student attitude of higher grades somewhat is also different, although the sorcerer world does not worship the muscle, but young teenage boys and girls, when the youth sprouts, has the natural deviation to the opposite sex aesthetic appreciation.
The appearance is delicate, tall George, naturally was popular with many higher grades study elder sister, but George after all is only the coolie. Also, only has the quick graduation study the elder sisters start to appreciate this fill firm masculine charm, but close to graduation study the elder sister is busy the studies and graduation.
The teachers of school are also profound to this big coolie impression. However, George schoolwork all trades are first, the manner attitude is also appropriate, how the teacher does not know deals, must follow a prescribed pattern according to the regulations, actually Jeangeorges no one disturbed, to pour at once also ended up idly.
Has the idle time, George is reading the book collection of school on the bubble in the library and Latin Crowd's lounge.
At this time the library person are not many, all around scattered sits several people, looks dedicated the book in own hand.
The library must give dual attention to four schools after all, will not leave some school to be near. Therefore, with the schoolwork related essential books, everyone will usually place the lounge of school. Arrives at the library time, most people are very explicit searches the books that assign.
Also, only has like the keen and George, the reading speed and ability very strong student, like having free time on the bubble in the library, increases own knowledge reserve.
George walks toward the historical books' area, sees only He keen positive/correct to sit, in appears on the slightly high chair to her, two legs swing dangerous in the air, both hands are flipping through an ancient thick book.
“Is studies the tyrant worthily, Harry, after Owen finishes class, must make the best use of the time to dash off the work, studies some tyrant also many energies to read the extracurricular book.” Sees this scene, George is also admiring secretly, he after all is an adult, has studied ahead of time, if then the university student goes to the elementary school, dealing with the schoolwork with ease is perfectly justified.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 9 competes, but He studies the new knowledge sensitively, but also pays attention to both the extracurricular content, this is not the fake study tyrant.

Thinks of here, George somewhat was also a pity, as just his grasping to magic history, he discovered magic many issues, this, he can say with Harry and Owen, education of magic and insufficiently good.
By the sensitive natural talent, if in the hemp melon world, walks smoothly, if becomes a scientist to could change the world, but actually can only become an attorney in magic finally, the attorneys in 3000 people of the world, although this is also good, but really somewhat buries the sensitive talent.
He sensitive Grainier is turning earnestly writes books, detected that some people sat themselves opposite, lifted subconsciously, originally was George.
He keen raised the chin toward George, like the small lion, is rousing the cheeks, earnestly in book. Sees this scenery, George is giving a snicker over something.
“Whose at present is this lovable little miss mad?” George writes the character on the paper gives He to be sensitive.
“Has not been angry!” He's sensitive small face rouses high, not agrees obviously acknowledged. When George has looked at the paper, the withdrawing paper brushes writing. “You should add are suitable the sweet orchid smell to be many.” Originally He has not been suitable the sweet orchid smell to take to heart for George sensitively many.
“Aren't our talent little misses should be divided into Latin Crowd? Can the branch hat faint by your intelligent small head stimulation?” George has handed over the paper.
At this time He keen some facial expression twinkles, the look was evasive, seemed very awkward. The small hands grabbed the paper to pinch pinched, stayed behind in the corner/horn of paper wrinkles the wrinkle the trace, stayed a small meeting, He keen CAI sluggish and started writing to write.
“Branch hat suggested that I go to Latin Crowd, but I chose the standard sweet orchid smell to be many.” He keen Taiwan hesitant, sluggish gives George the paper.
Looks that He is sensitively awkward, like attending class to be distracted by the appearance that the teacher discovers, George does not endure to bully her.
“Do not mind, the standard sweet orchid smell many are very good, you went to Latin Crowd, not convenient enrolled in supplementary lessons to Harry and Owen.” George comforts He keen say/way.
Looks at this, He also smiled sensitively, reveals the white tooth, then feels embarrassed, blocks own mouth with the hand hastily. She not only knew good friend Harry and Owen in Griffin, with others 's relations, becomes very well.
He since childhood is sensitively intelligent, but also too relies on own intelligence. After all is only the child, regardless of how talent, is impossible to understand the worldly wisdom like an adult since childhood.
He sensitive acquisition result diligently first, wants to obtain everyone's liking and affirmation, but extremely the extremely intelligent person, innate will compare diligently others. This perhaps is not the wish of smart person, result that but can actually present.
Extremely person diligently would be the stabbing pain to others, therefore the association/will was isolated, original He sensitively is this. The Sirs always serve as to attack other children's methods her outstanding, making keen always act “the child of others family/home!”
This lets keen more is diligently, is outstanding, more was not liked by the schoolmate.
Even in Works, He's sensitive effort and outstanding still meets other stabbing pain people, therefore her effort, her hemp melon status, her temperament appearance, will even become the place that others attack, this is very bad, is very realistic.
Was good met own good friend because of her, Harry and Owen, they have oneself shortcoming, has own contradiction, but also walked finally together, created the profound friendship.
This time Harry and Owen were luckier, this He also compares time sensitively original is luckier. George's appearance, lets all schoolwork first, turned into George.
Even George's outstanding stature also natural lets other person and him separates, has George such lets the schoolmate nearly “sharing a common hatred” special different kind, others instead related are better.
Is good does not mind because of George,
Even is glad to be been isolated by the 11-year-old child very much, really must continuously and 11-year-old child plays in the same place, to a person who has the adult mentality is also the huge test. “At least needs a schoolwork...” Looks to be tall, all trades schoolwork surpasses own George, He will not admit defeat sensitively.
She does not know that George monopolized the first result to make her the situation in schoolmate better, but she knows, she was He sensitive Grainier, since childhood studied is first, even if a time were surpassed occasionally, her still association/will pursue, even if this time opponent were powerful is inconceivable, she will not give up like this.
Looks at the flaming fighting spirit in He sensitive look, George is somewhat surprised, is somewhat helpless. Oneself after all are an adult, although wins completely, but not really proud thought that defeats a child to appear the brilliance, but He's sensitive fighting spirit stimulated him.
Made so many years to prepare, George may not have the face, did not have the guts to lose to the 11-year-old child, even if she were day of scholarship Tyrant He min.
George also does not allow himself to lose to others at any schoolwork, after all passes through is the biggest external. Even the natural Renminbi player, the talent and study the tyrant, still prostrates oneself naturally under external.
Two very powerful people, had the fighting spirit at once.
Two people compete secretly, earnestly in own book.
George is reading travel notes of ancient sorcerer at this time full of enthusiasm. As the new student|life of first grade, even read the book collection of school also to have the enormous limit, the high rank spell naturally do not think, the low rank spell needs the signature agreement of teacher.
George can borrow at once now, only then various history, travel notes, even was some lace unofficial history of ancient sorcerer.
Is good because of the book of library, has the explicit origin, real not false, book that George chooses, has several hundred years of history earnestly.
At the same time reads this travel notes, George is also at heart unusual, although the book is old, the heart of author may not be old.
In the book title «Median» book recorded a powerful sorcerer named Gulliver to travel around the travel notes of various countries, except for in the sorcerer history has recorded earnestly seductress/evil spirit, elf, beautiful woman who flattered the kid and other races. Some do not know the genuine and fake, like the Sir country, a Lilliput kind of record is Jeangeorges broadens the outlook.
“In the ancient times the sorcerers and modern sorcerers as if had very big difference.” This is the originally of 20 Th precious ancient history reading material George read, from initial casual look, has been able to discover in the book to present George some useful information.
If, “historical half are the guess, half are the prejudice.” Then “novel half are the lie, half are real.”
The ancient history that as read were getting more and more, the different historical explanations, some George many harvests, in the world did not certainly have the so-called true history.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


No matter Chapter 10 «Median» at any time, a person normal idea, once said. Immediately because of the language, the change of semantics, will have the huge change, after that also because the explanations of others cause more different meanings.

The history was never possibly described by the litigant, impossible to be recounted by the litigant. Then can only be others, according to all parties' speculation, synthesizes own hobby to compile.
This situation, being doomed lets the explanation of history, becomes the difficult, unusual distortion. So long as the sample are many enough, would some harvests, the significant history, or has wide divided opinions, either categorical represents the completely different significance.
When the party appears has wide divided opinions, represents this phase of significant history, not only victor. Benefit in every way, explanation in every way naturally brings to have wide divided opinions, no unified conclusion.
But the categorical historical judgment, represents certainly the giant victors, led writing of history.
The powerful nation that in the history book said with certainty perhaps not necessarily existed, but during that time, certainly powerful kings can control the history book, therefore instead in description unimportant history, even travel notes time, the writer can start writing at will, manifested own preference.
Many magics that similar «Median» such ancient times unofficial history, inside mentioned were completely different from the modern magic, was more similar to the magician reads aloud reads the magic, the long-term guidance, traded the huge destructive power.
“In the ancient times magic” convenience is willing Dingyuan to be inferior to the present, but the destructive power may not slightly peep, does not know why has not actually heard now.
George this family is a book man, since childhood actually never, in own collects books had found “the ancient magic” the record, wants to come, only then Works and some established family's inherited books, will have the records in these aspects.
Although has not known the reason, but behind this should have many secrets, at once, George had some ideas to “the ancient magic”, perhaps Lord Voldemort has some relations with “the ancient magic”.
Thinks of here, George looked at He to be sensitive, at this time what He keen is looking was the elementary knowledge of ancient demon article.
This is a curriculum that George suggested that in the ancient times the demon article was a study difficulty enormous division/discipline, the huge and complex writing remembers, various explanations of mufti- semantics. This to George is also giant sticky business, the demon article involved the basic constitution of magic in the ancient times, is in the magic most has a development also most potential direction.
This it has the writing of charm, can get rid of the limit of magic wand and charm, is the magic popularization, is the key point of magic transformation is. However, also therefore, in the ancient times the demon article in all subjects, was a study difficulty most major part.
Ponders over, George studies and instigates her people between oneself difficultly, chose the latter.
Very impudent and shameless lost this to He greatly troublesome was sensitive, was good because He sensitively wholeheartedly very powerful, wanted to exceed George, to the abstruse demon article, is gnawing not to feel but actually arid.
Although is somewhat embarrassed, but the demon article happen to suited the sensitive talent in the ancient times but actually, the astonishing memory and understanding ability in the demon article helped in the study in the ancient times very in a big way. Changes into George, may not have the means to deal so with ease in the ancient demon article.
“He's sensitive future should not be an attorney.” Thinks of here, George also no longer feels embarrassed. He does not hope, He keens magic sections in 3000 people of small society will be an attorney in the future, that was too bad.
George passes through to come from the adult after all, to magic many phenomena, although can accept, is very difficult to approve.
One such as entire magic was hung to hit by Lord Voldemort, such as technical stagnation of entire magic. Is grasping the shortcut, grasped the sorcerers of black box to be technically far behind with the average person.
In this case, is the attorney regarding a sorcerer, when the official, George thought that is very difficult to accept.
The attorney naturally is not good, the attorneys are the high income, the level of high social position. But when the attorney went to the world of average person to work as was good, no matter received the position, was much better. Completes seven years of magic curriculum study the tyrant goes to the magic section to be an attorney, this is extremely really strange, by the condition of magic, actually does not need the attorney let alone.
Not possibly does not raise at all to be held, placed on trial Lord Voldemort, has various cheats magic that magic abilities, to eliminate the crime, has too many means. In the trial, the strength of magic and science and technology is also not the attorney can compare.
Even in own previous generation, the attorney is never the society is still friendliest the important part, more often, existence of attorney to avoid the public right, prevents official's persecution to the folk.
But the crime of real world, what always depends upon is the evidence, seeks money by the money-making theory, this George has many means. The maintenance social justice, reduces the crime, there is nothing to do with the attorney completely. In this case, George cannot endure a talent, is own good friend, in attorney who magic makes a complete does not have any significance.
“Decision was you, demon Bandmaster writing, He sensitive Grainier.” Thinks of here, George finally satisfied comforts itself, decided He's sensitive research direction secretly.
But this time He sensitive Grainier in the heavy/thick ancient demon article comprehensive work, she is not knowing earnestly, imperceptibly, because strives to excel for a while and gambling fights, her destiny has changed quietly.
She thoroughly was far away from one year of rare proper previous class, was far away from the relaxed happy magic section attorney profession close to home, fell into pitch-dark, the limitless demon article research, becomes the important pivot of change world.
Does not know, when she knows when this huge change, will smile, one whips George?
Today is on Thursday, the clear weather, the breeze is intermittent.
The lunchtime, in Works's big dining hall, the student according to the different small teams, sits separately, George and Harry, Owen, He sensitive eats meal, while chatted.
“If some people told me before, who can strength also make me dislike, I do not believe that but I believe now.” Draco Malay be honored has reached Harry Potter most repugnant character first place, the Harry's repugnance to March surpassed itself to dislike the entire 11 years had reached the strength.
George knows that is because Harry cannot see to reach the strength in the school, will say, most youthful forever shakes the enemy who and shakes in oneself at present.
Moreover, Harry is also only 11 years old, must dislike the reaching higher authorities' strength entire 11 years of that is not easy, but as the friend, the life is the most important thing is difficult, do not see through an affair, at this time only needed to smile is good.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 11 word spirits, Tasmania! “Has the breakfast time, Nervy receives the memory ball that her paternal grandmother sends, March this must snatch, at that time I really want to punch his.” Harry looked the body that oneself are vigorous and healthy, contrasted secretly with March, very confident saying.

“Without a March more youthful fellow, his anything matter must brave to disturb again, if not the rapidness that Maine teaches, in the morning I and Harry punched March.” Owen is saying, in while waves the fork, the pie on fork soon shook off by him.
“He also always shows off the candy of bags oneself receive, eats that the polysaccharide, he can quickly the full mouth decayed tooth.” He said sensitively wickedly, He keen parents are the dentists, has strictly controlled her to eat the sugar, March's showing off makes her very repugnant.
Thinks that a March decayed tooth, March that face arrogant facial expression in matching, everyone hit to tremble, silent moment, laughed loudly.
Criticized a common enemy together, Harry started to worry about the following flight class.
“Really unlucky, except for the medicament class, must take with Skye Bring's student the flight class now. Do I want to ride a flying broom to make a fool of oneself in front of Maria?” Harry somewhat annoying saying, the academic record has pressed a March head now, selected to fight self-confidently only can also exceed March, Harry does not want to lose to March at anything.
Listens to Harry to mention the flight class suddenly, He sensitive somewhat is also sad, the study and curriculum she is never afraid, but to the movement, she did not have the confidence. Starts to talk over her in a soft voice from «GUI Wonderful Tracing» the library book collection named some flight directors who see, hopes that this will not make a boner in afternoon flight class.
Owen also from sorcerer family, although can only ride elder brothers' old broom to play since childhood, but deals with first-grade the flight class is not worried.
“Flight is not difficult.” Looks at Harry and He's sensitive anxiety, George's sluggish opens the mouth, attracts Harry and He's sensitive attention with these words.
“Broom is like the magic wand, is extending of your body, they can feel the mood that you transmit, feels your frightened.” George's calmness and imposing manner infected Harry and He is sensitive, two people also start seem relaxed.
“Like magic wand.” Thinks that here hertz sensitive look starts to shine, controlling the magic wand is always her specialties.
“I teach you a word spirit, it can make you control the flight broom with ease.” Said here, George's facial expression started seems serious, Harry and He sensitive proceeding cannot help but is stretching the body forward, must the receive of short distance this word spirit.
“When you feel frightened in the flight anxious, is unable to control own time, uses to roar loudly it.” Said here, George, with his words, Harry and He's sensitive heart also raised, the heartbeat started acceleration slowly.
“Tasmania” said its time, George deliberately lowered oneself sound, but these words and expressions, as dispersing of sound, fell in Harry and He's sensitive ear, like having the huge charm, blasted out instantaneously.
Harry and He's sensitive heartbeat accelerates fast, the small face therefore rises red, only felt at once in own body erupts the tremendous strength.
Passed the moment, two talents returned to normal the mood, George gave Harry and He respectively hands over the fruit juice sensitively. “Got it?”
Although actually does not know what happened, but Harry and He looked at each other sensitively, only sees in the opposite party eyes is the infinite fighting spirit, not to flight class slight worry.
Owen actually rubs their head, is completely perplexed.
3 : 30 pm, Harry, Owen, other He keen Here sweet orchid smell many schoolmates, across corridor and stair. Arrives on a stretch of lawn before gate, the breeze sways gently, the grass ripples slightly. The lawn including the lawn to extend the forest.
Skye Bring's school has been ahead of time the location,
Serves as the flying broom of training to arrange neatly. Fred had once complained to Harry the flying broom of school has the quality problem, when some fly high will sway, some always unceasing distortion direction. But at this time is thinking that has the word spirit of huge charm at heart, Harry was no longer worried slightly.
Flight class Madame Duo I has short ash to send, two yellow eyes are dodging ominously light/only, vision looking at each other time, will make one hurry oneself like the hunted for animal.
“OK, do not rub gently.” She said sternly, “lines up to stand to me, stands to a magic broom by.”
What Harry is one broken and old, the branch the lying this way and that separated flying broom, has seen here, originally confident he also starts somewhat uneasy.
“Extends the right hand, places the broom the above, read with me, gets up!” Madame Duo I vigorous and resolute is issuing the instruction.
“Gets up!” The students follow to shout.
Harry's broom amenable jumping to his hand, Harry looks at others immediately secretly, Owen and He also achieves sensitively with ease. In addition, only then a few achieves personally, student the broom from hemp melon family sways back and forth mostly, but Nervy's broom was unresponsive.
“Broom like the magic wand, is only extending of body, can feel your fear.” Harry remembered George's words. Nervy's voice is trembling, simply truly does not have at heart wants to control the broom, naturally cannot arouse the broom.
Then, how Madame Duo I demonstrates to ride the broom to everyone is not slippery, how correct gripping broom. Then she in team corrects the wrong grasping law.
Harry and He hears her to criticize March to do sensitively not well, at heart secret happy, is thinking word spirit that has the huge charm, for a while is confident. The movement is also getting more and more standard, was also being praised by Madame Duo I.
“OK, my whistle, you with the order, two legs made an effort a tread, such broom will lead you to fly.” Madame Duo I said, “broom must get hold, first float, then the body leans forward, keeps relaxed, imagining you and brooms is a body, then returns to the ground downward, listening to my whistling to order, three, two.”
Nervy was too anxious, he is afraid is made mistakes once again, stayed in the ground, listens Madame Duo I is reading “two” time, a subconscious both legs tread, has flown to ascend the sky.
“Comes back, Nervy!” Madame Duo I quickly shouts, but Nervy uncontrolled has flown at this time upwardly, like projecting advantage arrow. Harry sees the Nervy panic facial expression, is holding the broom far away from the ground. Sees Nervy to gasp for breath loudly, looks that Nervy slides from the broom.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 12 flight class then “bang”, numerous falling on the ground, shrank one group. His broom is still increasing unceasingly, until vanishing in the direction of forest.

Madame Duo I hurries to plunge Nervy, her face also frightens pallidly, she accuses herself unceasingly, should recover to release a float incantation ahead of time, rather than saw that Nervy falls on the ground.
“Wrist/Skill broke.” Harry hears Madame Duo I numerous breathing a sigh of relief, “Nervy was all right, was safe, you get up.”
She has turned round to say to other students, “I must send Nervy to the medical office, before I have not come back, your little darlings obedient no one move! If who causes trouble intentionally, I expel Hogwarts him.” Then she has turned head, comforts Nervy with ease, “walks, pitiful child.”
Nervy whole face tear stains, are covering the wrist/skill, lamely was being supported by the arm departure by Madame Duo I.
Madame Duo I just walked away, March sends out disgusting laughing wildly.
“Nervy that idiot, almost plunged to death himself.” March's people also echoed what others say.
“Shut up, how you can treat your schoolmate.” March's words make Magnate Pettily extremely discontented.
“Look!” March overruns, grasps a bulb on the lawn, “Nervy that idiot, forgot his paternal grandmother to take to his thing.”
“You went too far, March.” Harry is constraining the anger, said in a low voice.
March is grinning fiendishly ugly. “Can mediate? Baud?”
Time March of attending class was criticized to grasp the law to be wrong by Madame Duo I, but damn Harry and He sensitive that “mud plants” is praised, March was soon insane, he believes that Harry looks to his vision, is provoking him, like looking at a clown.
Morning time, these two fools were still worrying about the flight class, he may prepare to in the flight class show off, attack ruthlessly only knows that dies He keen and Harry who study. Has not thought that finally he also lost in the most adept project unexpectedly, blames school these damn tattered brooms.
When Madame Duo I leaves, he found the method of air vent immediately.
“Brings!” Harry shouted, March will actually not stop, arouses a magic broom, flew. He has not boasted, his flight is truly fierce.
March hangs in the air, toward Harry of under foot, called out loudly, “comes up, baud!”
Harry aroused his magic broom.
“It is not good!” He sensitive Grainier shouts, “you will be injured, Madame Duo I makes us do not move!”
Harry has not managed her. The anger has rushed to his mind. He has ridden the broom, pursued. The wind has blown his hair, rinses his long gown. Lets his wild with joy, is so easy, is so happy.
“Broom like extending of body, it can feel your mood.” He controlled oneself broom with ease, like controlling own body. He also hears in the ground to hear the squeals and big gasping for breath sounds of others, but also hears Owen to refuel the call for him.
He shifts to March the broom, then threatens, “brings Nervy's memory ball.” Harry shouts, “, otherwise you wanted the buttocks to blossom.”
“You think that who you are?” March said, he wants to smile, but made his face stiffen anxiously.
Harry controls the broom like controlling oneself body, short time, flexible free. He the body leans forward, bends down on the magic broom, benefits the arrow to hit toward March like one.
March controls the broom to evade reluctantly. Harry transferred the broom to aim at him again, the repugnant March's schoolmate has started to applaud.
“March baby, here may not have Club and Gore's warm arms.” Harry called out. Causes a following scream.
Looks at Harry's unceasing charge like buffalo, March also starts to be afraid.
“Dies, baud!” March loudly calls out,
Throws the memory ball to in the air, then the rapid returning ground, returns to Club and Gore. Harry sees the memory ball first to fly upward by the slow motion, immediately unceasingly extra dip like quick movement. He is bending down the body, depresses the magic broom. Accelerates to dive downward, is pursuing the memory ball, the ear is the wind of howling, is people's scream.
“Tasmania” angrily roars with one, Harry when soon draws close to the ground caught the memory ball. Also, promptly broom pulling straight, falls gently in the lawn.
“Harry Potter!” An angry sound resounds.
His heart violent is jumping, compared with a moment ago dive time also jumps quickly. Maine teaches running toward him. Harry hurries to hurry stands from the ground.
“How do you dare?”, Maine teaches angry exclaiming, “has not had such matter! I in Works so many years, you will break the neck.” The sound that Maine teaches also somewhat shivers, is away from the eye piece to see that angry ray.
Class two students almost lost the life, a Savior Harry Potter. Maine teaches rather goes to and food dead disciple fights, like this also after does not want punctures you, the flight class in the indoor. “
“Flight class in indoor.” Is listening to this saying, George also shakes the head, to continue to ask. “After this ?”
This eats the time of dinner, Harry first told George the process in flight class, is he is taught to take away the matter of location by Maine. Owen and He keen also put down the fork in hand at this time, waited for Harry to say the later matter.
“I scared at that time, I think that I must be dismissed. I still remembered at that time March, Club, the expression that Gore that took pleasure in others' misfortunes.” Wharton, fearful saying.
“ I am fainting the head, teaches with Maine in the revolutions that in the school non-stop, revolutions. I decide, after seeing Dumbledore, must plead him to make me continue to stay in the school, even if an assistant is also good.
Was good is now stronger than before because of me, can carry Henna's unwieldy pocket reluctantly. Perhaps however when the time comes Owen and He keen to become the sorcerer, will not work as the friend me. “ Harry recalled that then plot, almost cried.
“Hi, was all right, pitiful Harry.” He keen Pie the shoulder that pats Harry, is comforting pitiful Harry.
“Is good because of these bad things has not happened, Maine taught to lead me to see Ollie Sherwood, making me be the looking player of GUI wonderful competition.” Harry returned to normal under the mood, said.
“Really fierce, the school did not allow the first-grade student to attend the GUI wonderful competition. You broke the record, since certainly has been many years the youngest GUI wonderful colleges' player.” Owen replied, he was the death of GUI wonderful competition is loyal, the GUI wonderful rule was clear.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 13 ability “Wood told me on behalf of respect, I was for a century the youngest colleges' player.” Harry is saying, ate a pie. In the afternoon the soul-stirring bitter experience, consumed too the anybody force and courage, making him specially hungry. “

“They comply to give me a flying broom light wheel 2000.” Harry also said.
Owen envies is looking at Harry, “that may be really good, I bump have not bumped.”
“Wood makes me keep secret, do not say with others.” Harry said, “I will start to participate in the team to train next week.”
“But, does the Maine faculty really let us the flight class in the indoor?” Thinks of here, Harry somewhat worried, before he was too afraid, may being at all scope ask that Maine teaches.
Owen and He hears this matter also big feeling headache sensitively, Maine teach very severely, kept promises, can they later really the flight class in the indoor?
“Indoor do not worry, Maine teaches to be possible not to have the also means to move to the GUI wonderful competition.” George comforted under them. “I estimated that most that is, your future several foundation flight classes, probably need first to practice meeting the requirement in the indoor.”
“You truly must pay attention some, otherwise really has not said certainly, can only in the magician of indoor flight, Hahn.” The punishment that Maine teaches is extremely really special, Jeangeorges could not bear smile.
“Sorry, implicated everyone.” Harry is somewhat embarrassed, his impulsion, after must implicate everyone, flight curriculum in indoor.
“It is not your mistake, is damn March.” Today's matter, lets March's repugnant deeds, in Owen inscribed one at heart.
Looks at the Harry depressed expression, George knows that should say anything, thinks opens the mouth. “Harry, you are right, helping the friend is always right. Today will be punished, will implicate everyone, is not because you made the any mistake.”
“How that today should do is right?” Some He sensitive doubts, she is a top student, was used to it arrangement that listens to the teacher.
Today listens to Madame Duo I to ask everyone do not move, she also hopes that Harry obeys the arrangement of teacher, but she also knows that Harry helps recover Nervy's memory ball is also right, both types were the right matter actually had the conflict, He keen some does not know for a while how to deal.
He's sensitive question, is Harry and Owen's question, immediately their entire god is staring at George, hoping George can have a good way.
“You felt, if I presented at that time, how I will do?” George does not have the direct reaction, but asked an issue, making Harry they launch the association.
“George you should be able to catch Nervy, then he will not break.” He looked at George's build sensitively, to he very confident saying.
“If George you, March he will be afraid, does not dare to provoke.” Owen also put forward oneself view.
“March, if provokes, George you can easily defeat him very much, grabs the memory ball.” Harry is also very confident to George.
“Maine faculty punishes March, rather than punishes you.” He keen supplemented one.
“Said very well, only needs to see things in others'shoes, a lot you can find the answer.” George is also very satisfied with Harry their replies, therefore asked an issue. “Will my words on the scene, finally be why different?”
Harry and the others felt that with seeing things in others'shoes, they are getting more and more near to the right key, therefore rotates the intelligent head fast.
“George your strength is big, responds quickly, can therefore catch Nervy.” He's sensitive always thought quick person one step.
“George your strength is big, is competent, March cannot be victorious you, but also is afraid by you are hit, therefore does not dare to provoke you.” Had He's sensitive prompt, Owen also soon had the answer.
“ George your strength is big, is competent, can easily solve the problem facing the provocation. Your do well at school, the ability strong professor will also believe your words,
This will punish March. “ Harry also understands issue was, made a summary. “Said very good, like this your oneself found the answer of issue.” George thinks, decided instilled into some to Harry and the others and strength related idea.
“Harry, today you are right, the right reason, actually is not only because helps the friend.” George, saw at this point Harry and the others are concentrating on listened to continue.
“Right reason is you are able, you have the talent on flight, has the ability on flight. This is you today to reason, is the premise that you can help Nervy.” Looks that this saying caused Harry and the others the ponders, George continues to say.
“The talent that if you have not flown today perhaps, without the ability of flight, you will hit with March today in the same place, then breaks the neck together.” George cited a serious example, making Harry and the others understand the gravity of matter.
“ You are punished today, is not because you made the any mistake. But is your ability is approved, the professor has not trusted you to have the ability of independent processing matter. George continues to say
“For those because is able? The mistake is because the ability is insufficient?” Looks at Harry and the others somewhat the look of doubts, George knows that they after all are only 11 years old, being hard to understand that these are normal.
“Because of my ability, the strength is big, the professor also trusts me, such matter of today's, I have a better way, but you do not have.” Harry and the others looking pensive.
“Strength is bigger, the right is bigger.” George read one slowly.
“Strength is bigger, the right is bigger.” Harry and the others also followed to read slowly.
“Just need powerful strength, the ability is bigger, more can protect own friend. Is able, you can help others, without ability, except for killing oneself, will also implicate others. Do not forget the schoolwork, do not forget to study, this is you protect others 's strength to originate.” George completes the summary to leave quietly.
This time Harry and the others have not been able to understand that these come from the truth of adult world, but when they experience unceasingly risky, has George's instilling into, they will soon start to long for doing well, but these need the strength.
Shortly after George leaves, Owen's two elder brothers saw Harry to walk.
“Hi, Harry, we heard” Fred said in a low voice, “Wood told us, you were the secret weapon of our school. Our two are the players of school team, when the time comes we will protect your, you only needed to hold the golden cuttlefish we to win.”
“We can definitely win this year.” Fred said, “we made many preparations, very long has not won, but has you this year, Wood told us the time, we were excited being hard to say a word.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 14 mistake is because the ability was insufficient “OK, we came look at you, we first walked, Lee Jordan as if discovered a secret passage, we must have a look.”

Owen's two elder brothers just walked, a repugnant person braved, March.
“Is having the final dinner, baud? Later you should ride in a carriage numb Gun there.”
“Now you returned to the ground, returned to Club and Gore's warm arms, March baby.” A Harry face ridicule. This time Harry early is not initial emaciated Suzuki bean Ding. Had the strength and courage, will not be afraid them.
No matter what they are cloudy the face, pinches the loquacious noon the finger.
“Damn baud, I must with your duel.” March said that “, if you have guts, comes with me, the duel of sorcerer. Defeats the repugnant opponent with the magic wand, what kind of, but I think, you should not know what is the duel of sorcerer?”
“He knows certainly.” Owen said. “He will hit you to kneel begs for mercy, I am his assistant, then your assistant?”
March thought over Club and Gore, “Club, my assistant is Club.” He said, “tonight, the prize exhibition room, does not leave till we meet, one point high under.” Said that turns around to leave.
“What is the sorcerer duel?” Harry asked, “you said is my assistant, this what's the matter?”
“Oh, is a duel, if you lost, I on then.” Owen said.
“If I wield the magic wand, without responding what to do?” Harry is not quite self-confident about oneself magic some.
“That with the magic wand, do not aim at his nose ruthlessly punches.” Owen said, Harry was much longer recently, the Owen's fight to Harry and March's favors.
“I said, you really don't want the duel?” He is somewhat astonished sensitively, at night will take a walk in the school is buckled many minutes.
“Just need powerful strength, we should educate March well.” Just listened to a George's guidance, Harry had some strange comprehensions.
“Right, should make March suffer a fist for the matter that he handles early.” Owen is also thinking such opportunity was very long.
“Hi, to be just.” Harry and Owen looked at each other one, claps to celebrate, is hopeful about evening's duel.
“These two fools!” He sensitive weak tapped the head, for a while is speechless.
Walks into a circular giant room, on the wall opens the fine elegant round arch window, on the window is dangling the frivolous silk, the bronze-color and blue color.
The ceiling is a vault, above embellishes the group star, the stellar scintillation, on the sky blue rug of under foot is also glittering the star light. Is involved, just like the strolling starry sky, here is Latin Crowd's lounge.
He keen see who runs hurriedly this scenery, slow.
About the keen sized up, in the room has some furniture and other places is bookshelf one after another, pressed the different categories to fill the books.
In the gate opposite niche is putting Large Ran founder, Rowena Latin Crowd's white half-length marble statue. By a statue door is Latin Crowd's dormitory.
At this time George is standing by a bookshelf, is reading a thick big book, is seeing He sensitive hasty running over, book cautious and returns the bookshelf.
George walked from the bookshelf, what matter one cup of water give He keen to ask “from the rest table upper extreme? Such anxiously?”
He received the drinking glass sensitively, returns on the table, did not speak, hasty drew George to go out.
Also, ran a meeting, He keen Zhecai did not have the strength, started slowly, to George said that “Harry and Owen these two crying fouls, they agreed to with March at midnight at the prize exhibition room duel, I urged them, these two fools did not listen, only then you urged them to be good.”
Hears here, why did George stop to ask “you to urge them not to listen? But do I urge them to listen?”
This is George had just delivered the words,
He has not naturally forgotten sensitively “, because your Bhaji and Owen are strong, compared with me, Harry and Owen also trusts you.” “What does that have better way?” George continues to guide He to be sensitive.
He is frowning to ponder sensitively, shakes the head, “I do not know, I cannot tell the teacher unable to tell others, cannot follow they to deliberately create trouble. Therefore, I look for you, you can convince them.”
“I have a better way.” Then changed into George He to be sensitive, trades a direction to walk.
Hears a better way to make sensitively also somewhat curious, comes to an unmanned classroom with George.
“Puts out your magic wand” George to say.
He put out oneself magic wand sensitively, this is one 14 inches, grape rattan wood as the stick body, the nerve of dragon comprised of the stick core the powerful magic wand.
“Your magic wand is very powerful, you be also very powerful, what you need grasps own strength. Follows I to read, imaginary body incantation.” George is brandishing oneself magic wand.
“Imaginary body incantation” He wields the magic wand sensitively gently, later she discovered own color was lighter.
“Good start, He sensitive Grainier of talent, currently we have several hours.” George made a demonstration, with swing of magic wand, the color and quality of material of his whole person becomes same as the surrounding environment, as if a chameleon of human form.
“This is a safe and reliable spell, the school does not plan to teach your spells very much pitifully.” Saying that George somewhat regrets. “If misses today this opportunity, you must wait for seven years later the graduation can learn this spell.”
Is listening to this saying, the stimulation that one type breaks the taboo mixed with the competitive strength to let the investment of sensitive wholeheartedly in the training.
“The intonation of chanting incantations cannot interrupt, must maintain in a frequency.”
“Charm like the water current, flows in your body like the blood, do not try to control it, you are unable to control it, tries to guide it, like gently twists off a faucet.”
“If you feel the need, you can also meditate, but does not need to exude the sound.”
“Maintains the calmness of thoughts, relaxes, this is one does not have the offensive incantation, it is not difficult.”
With the George unceasing reminder, unceasing correction, He sensitively also bit by bit grasped this spell.
“Good, actually this is a difficulty very big spell, otherwise the school will not teach completely.” Until He grasped the imaginary body incantation sensitively, George changes the view immediately, is encouraging He keen say/way.
He is grinning sensitively, is excited is brandishing the magic wand, grasped a practical magic happier matter in without the specific energy.
“You be a talent, this may compared with my first practice time, grasping was quicker much.” What George said is the real soul talk.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 15 imaginary body incantation “thank you, George, I know how should do, I will go to educate Harry and Owen well.” He keen said that also does not continue to ask that George's means are anything, a person in high spirits left the classroom.

“This is the function of strength.” Looks at the sensitive running out classroom in high spirits, George also smiled, when compared to run before flustered, grasps a practical spell merely, immediately can change thoughts of person.
This is also the strength of magic, this is also the magic of strength.
He sensitive separating out classroom in high spirits, across the revolving staircase, waits later in Georgian sweet orchid smell many common rooms. Looks at Harry and Owen, the climbing over portrait channel of being soundless, He criticized one sensitively “two fools”, later displayed one to oneself “imaginary body incantation”, follows quietly in Harry and Owen behind.
Across the channel, He keen looked a portrait of fat madame, actually the discovery marks is completely empty, the fat madame late at night went out to drop around. She is somewhat annoying, this could not get down to be inadequate.
Harry and Owen pass through the corridor end, is seeing Nervy to roll up on the floor, sends out sound that shouted Ci to shout Ci. When Harry approaches, Nervy fierce waking. “Thank God, some people came finally, I cannot remember the new password, already by lock-out several hours.”
Looks at this scene, He keen Zhua scratching the head, another fool. “Perhaps I really should go to Latin Crowd.”
“Low voice, Nervy. The new password is “ pig nose”, but the fat madame does not know that now where. “ Harry then asked “how your arm!”
“Was all right.” Nervy is saying happily, holds up the arm to look to them. “Madame Pang Lula cured it immediately.”
“Good, OK, Nervy, you are first waiting here, we have other things, later sees again.”
“Do not throw down me!” Nervy is saying, with, “me do not treat again here, the blood person Barlow's ghost fluttered from my side excessively two.”
“Good, you spoke low voice.” Afterward they along facing forward to walk, the moonlight sprinkled by the window, prints out traces on the ground.
All the way their lucky has not met Fermi or Madame Liz, they mount the staircase, on three buildings, quiet walks toward the prize exhibition room.
March and Club have not come, the moonlight passed, according to the crystal glass cabinet is sparkling, according to the medal, the medal, the statue, seems more peaceful. The people are pasting the wall, stares at the room two heads, Harry has been preparing the magic wand, guards against March to clash the sneak attack suddenly.
Time one minute one second of past.
“March simply has not come, this coward.” Owen said. At this time, in the next room spread a sound, making them suddenly anxious. Harry holds up the magic wand, hearing there some people to speak, the sound is not March. “Dear, looks for me, holds that several young bastard for me.”
Was Fermi and Madame Liz, Harry scared, hurried waves toward Owen and Nervy, making them closely follow oneself, they were soundless touched toward another door. Just crossed the corner, they heard Fermi to enter the prize exhibition room.
Follows in the final He sensitive nuisance, underestimated March, intelligent March told the teacher this, stupid Harry and Owen were actually swindled, even she also built, “I was certainly infected by the fool.”
“They hid.” Fermi mumbled in a low voice, “you could not escape.”
“Here walks!” Ha use is hinting, quietly is directing the people along full is the corridor of armor walks, but Fermi was getting more and more near.
Nervy could not bear, he sends out a scream, starts running away at once. Runs cannot choose the exact way because of flurry, is en training Owen, falls together on one set of armor.
Immediately, works as, works as, the sound resounds through the entire castle.
“Run!” Harry also only then shouts one,
Desperate proceeding runs, people person following corridor unceasing running, does not dare then to have a look whether some people with. Across the corridor, bypasses the post, across corridor, bypasses the post. Ran several miles, the people stopped near the magic class classroom. “He is sensitive, you how in?” Harry and Owen discovered that at this time side unexpectedly were many a person.
“March deceived you.” He sensitive saying out of breath, “he simply has not planned and your duel, he set up a trap, intelligent March disclosed to Fermi you must go to the information of prize exhibition room, waits to catch you.”
“Damn March, this swindler.” Harry and Owen are also a nuisance, fell into March's trap.
“OK, we first left here.” Harry said that although is angry, what now is most important leaves here.
They just went through a door, hits anything, is ghost, is the repugnant ghost.
The ghost squawk cries out strangely, “repugnant student does not sleep, in the middle of the night is everywhere noisy. To beg for mercy to be possible not to have the effect, ghost has all known. Shut up, ghost, if were discovered we will be dismissed.”
“Repugnant student does not sleep, in the middle of the night is everywhere noisy. To beg for mercy to be possible not to have the effect, ghost has all known.” Looks at the student to beg for mercy, ghost is happier.
“Damn.” Owen said with raw hate, kicked aside ghost, “runs.”
Ghost enlarged the sound to scream that “in the spell class corridor, had the student of running all over the place.”
Running that everyone dies, rushes to the corridor end, hits in the gate. With thrusting a gate, the gate is locked. “Was finished.” Nervy cried.
“Do not cry.” He puts out the magic wand sensitively, to the door lock, is discussing “Allah Duo Songhai in a low voice!” A sound, the gate opened, they swarm, hurry to close.
“You could not certainly guess correctly we discovered what behind finally gate is what?” He's sensitive eloquence is seriously good, last night scene will say vividly, experience these things is worked up the mood including together Harry and Owen who by He sensitively, suddenly anxious.
“What is?” George as friendly audience, had the question following the sensitive words. Although the time is very long, the important plot he has the impression, after the gate, should be three dogs, but was not definitely used to display own being prescient at this time.
“Is a giant monster, is growing the monster of fearful three head, six eyes, each only have the lantern is so big. Is giving a tongue-lashing the fang, the giant body was filled with the entire room.” Saying that He has a lingering fear sensitively, with pointing at the lantern on finger, delimited the eldest child circle, recounts the hugeness and fearfulness of three dogs.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 16 gift “is such, is seeing that monster, my Fermi does not fear. Hurried to twist off the gate, ran with everyone, until closing the door, I can breathe.” Saying that Harry is breathing heavily, at that time he can also maintain twists off the gate to be possible is not really easy calmly.

“Then we run, runs. Threw off Fermi, threw off the monster. Then goes back ignorant/veiled the quilt, sleeps in low spirits.” Owen at this point, seems somewhat happy.
“Really is the great risk, toasts for our adventurers.” George is carrying the fruit juice, hints to them. Regarding the 11-year-old child, last night experience was not really easy.
“Cheers.” Is listening to good friend's praise, Harry, Owen, He was also sensitively happy. Told the best friend own experience, is listening to acclaiming of friend, did not compare this better matter again.
“I will not forget March, he sees us to be surprised in the morning, he definitely traps from the beginning, must accuse us.” Harry said, he had not forgotten March did not defend the promise yesterday, but also told Fermi in secret.
“Is good because of us is not good to cope.” Owen's proud saying.
“March is not good to cope, yesterday we were almost held.” He keen was almost held to yesterday somewhat takes to heart.
“Right, He was sensitive, how were you yesterday sudden?” Harry appeared to yesterday's He's sensitive sudden is surprised, at this time had the opportunity to ask, Owen also searched the body, he was also curious.
“This is the strength of magic.” He keen first looked at George, sees George not to plan saying that therefore spoke thoughtlessly to dodge.
“You” Harry and Owen deeply attracted one, actually through the spell, thinks that here envies. Also, wants to know, not feeling all right opens the mouth.
“I also noticed last night, that three dogs stand on a trap door, it is guarding anything obviously.” Since George did not say, He does not plan to continue to discuss the issue of imaginary body incantation sensitively, therefore said other yesterday's discoveries.
“What is it guarding?” Harry touches the head, felt that has anything to from the brain brave.
“Needs such big monster guard, looked thing, the special hazard, either is very or precious.” Owen said.
“I possibly know some that things the things.” Harry said, three dogs, ancient Linage, ancient Linage were attacked. The clue linked one after another suddenly in one, Harry was suddenly enlighten, he as if discovered some secret matter.
“Sea panel joint my time, once led me to go to ancient Linage.” Harry took a fast look around to all around, they are sitting in one have breakfast at this time before the long table of corner, the recent schoolmate also separated a table, therefore lowers the sound to say.
The people are seeing Harry's appearance, anxious, proceeded to push, waited for Harry to continue to speak.
“Took out a small package from the ancient spirit pavilion, hid brought back to Works on the body.” Harry continues saying that “later ancient Linage meets the attack, said nothing stolen, the thing that because they look for had been brought back to Works by.”
Hears here, the people exchanged a look.
“The thing that brings back to from the ancient spirit pavilion on conceals in the trapdoors of three dog guards.” He also guessed correctly sensitively.
“The matter that I most think now teaches March well.” Owen too did not care that three dogs are guarding anything, yesterday he was planning must teach March with Harry ruthlessly, finally got up March's working as.
“Yesterday's matter, easily will not pass.” Harry does not plan to give up, but has not thought of the good way at once.
“You may result in pay attention.” George exceeds March to be very confident to Harry.
At this time, an owl flew into the hall, the circling whereabouts to them in front, threw down a person sliver of package, then the fan the wing is flying away.
“ Opens has a look.
“ George hints. Harry disassembles the package, in sees is a black tall and slender box, on the box writes Owen's name, therefore gave Owen the box.
Owen is somewhat surprised, helpless, he does not know that who will give the gift to him, since the box looks, seems like the precious thing.
“Owen, is your gift, opens comes to see.” Harry said happily.
“But no one will give me the gift.” Owen feels helpless, “perhaps made a mistake in writing.”
Looks at the Owen panic expression, everyone also somewhat feels grieved, perhaps Owen has not received the gift.
“Naturally has not made a mistake in writing, this is we give your gift.”
“You!” Owen does not know for a while should say anything, but opened the box silently.
Inside is one 14 inches, the willow stick body, the unicorn wool makes the stick core the attractive magic wand.
“It is really beautiful!” Owen feels the tall and slender magic wand gently, gentle probably will be afraid itself to frighten the magic wand in hand to be the same.
“This is the best gift that I receive.” Owen results in the tone somewhat to sob.
Looks at this scene, Harry also sheds tears quickly, built the hand in Owen's shoulder, he remembered himself for the first time of receiving the gift.
“Said.” Owen is gripping tightly the magic wand, embarrassed saying.
“We saw the magic wand that you used to be about to shatter, collected money to give you to buy one together newly, originally planned that now buys one to use with you exactly the same. Wrote a letter Ollie magic wand shop, knows that you had tried a magic wand, we bought it,” He considered the tone to say sensitively.
“Oh, I remember it, I have tried this magic wand in Ollie shop, it is that beautiful.” Owen somewhat speaks incoherently.
Looks at this scene, He somewhat touches sensitively, actually she and Harry has not noticed Owen's predicament.
Although became the good friend, but she and Harry has not thought gives what gift to Owen. Is George tells her and Harry in secret, arranges all, only symbolic received west her and Harry silver may, insisting makes them talk into the gift is three people delivers together.
He keen and Harry have thought said the truth, but quick was convinced by George, if were only a George person delivers, Owen likely accepted embarrassed.
George looks at this scene is also some sympathies, is different from looks at the laughingstock of time in the story, places oneself person to one truly. Poor, predicament these are really an extremely bad matter. He is not the original works party of textual criticism, in the matter to story mostly did not remember clear.
But he sees Owen to wear elder brother's old long gown, is using elder brother's old magic wand, knows that this is an injury to 11-year-old child. The children are not the irresponsible guardian clamor absolutely, “does not have the personality, anything does not understand, anything must listen to the guardian.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 17 mutual aid association children are more sensitive, is frailer, does not have the ability to resist the evil intention of the world. Also, therefore every so often, the little guidance, these children also turned into the world's largest evil intention.

Bear child's back must certainly have guardian bear, what is more pitiful, behind most obedient children is also standing guardian bear, but after these pitiful children grow up, will turn into guardian bear.
Regarding the role that a small gift can play, George does not overestimate, but regarding has become him of local tyrant, slight effort, why not? He already somewhat clear, why some rich people of previous generation will make the charity.
“Harry, He is sensitive, Owen.” George has not continued to make everyone stay in the sad atmosphere.
“I have a work to provide to you.” Sees everyone to recover finally, George then said.
“I planned that an office Works mutual aid association, loans to the schoolmate at the same time, enabling them to lend money ahead of time, buys the books that oneself want, the magic wand, flying broom these, after money can and others they graduated, can usually help the mutual aid association work.” George said oneself idea.
“Which” Harry, He is sensitive, Owen, exchanged a look mutually, some cannot believe, the first grade, how this one hear of very troublesome things can contact with them on.
“Do not worry, the mutual aid association is mainly I am responsible, you can work to me, provide the opinion, I pay you wage.” George has the plan, at this time draws in them to join a group, except for letting them helps. Also, to share the line of sight, was not worried that they will unable to do.
“I do not fear the trouble, will probably tell me to lose to you to be the same.” Listened to George to have the plan, the competitive spirit came up sensitively.
“Although does not understand, but helps me certainly.” Owen just received the gift, very happy, what did not care about George to say was anything, only hopes wholeheartedly oneself can help.
“I can also help.” Saying that Harry is unwilling to fall behind.
“Actually is not the complex matter, simply speaking, I disburse money, you strive. We lend the schoolmate of school, they can work for us, can sell some study notes, magic skill, even practical small magic of invention.” George said as far as possible simply the matter, to avoid Harry they feel troublesome.
“After lending money, what to do can't the opposite party return?” He keen proposed oneself doubts, although He keen is young, but the reading is big, although does not understand George's goal, but gave the useful comment.
“From the beginning lends the person will not be many, we are the mutual aid associations, does not lend the person specially, to not put loan.” George has the detailed mentality, but to the sensitive curious explained patiently.
“Magic wand, the school uniform, some studies with the book, these prices are very actually cheap, we determined, can buy for the student generation directly. These are most foundation are the most important loan, the goal are to also let each student can not, because the economic reason drags down the study.” George's sluggish saying, so that He keen can keep up with the mentality.
“This is a good deed.” George said simply, Harry also roughly understood, decides to be able to help.
“Another part, is the academic record very outstanding student, can with own study note, the magic skill, even some practical small magics, obtain the large loan here, even sells these to us.” He keen, Harry can keep up with the mentality, George is also glad to explain listens patiently to them.
“My result is good, can borrow a lot of money.” Mentioned the result to be good, some He sensitive meanings moved.
“Hahn, if your study attainment, the magic skill can help others, or has the practical magic, sure.” George smiles, then said.
“I will help.” He thinks the imaginary body incantation or George who sensitively she studies teach, decides to discover the good spell, later gives back to George.
“You cannot run away, must come to help to me.” George does not have to plan one quietly work hard, is set Harry and the others to work to oneself early.
Like George said that this mutual aid association is not complex. George is filthy rich, so long as he invests money, in calling several students, can start to operate, as for can make what appearance, this is the matter on execution.
Most things in the world are actually this, rich, has the person, you can start to practice your idea. But this idea will change the world, but also is fetches water to float merely, this is the issue that carries out.
Regarding oneself plan, George is confident, since this has been he enters a school one month observation to summarize the start of big movement.
Although after the admittance, his whole time but do not read, or attend class is loaf, are pondering over these things. Limited to the present is only the first grade, the library important book collection will not open to him, the professor in student, others could not count on. Ponders over, he thought of this collapsing means. Money is not multipurpose, without money cannot. “ Taking advantage of oneself fund advantage, he found a breach.
As the day passes by day-by-day, George's mutual aid association, operated quickly.
Owen is most positive fulfilling, when George offers considerable wage, and showed that this work truly can be joined to this wage, Owen becomes the mutual aid association the biggest supporter immediately, goes all around the propaganda for the mutual aid association.
Today what is a quite special guest.
“Has anything, you said directly, I will help the guest keep secret.” George appears some is not impatient.
“UN, I believe your credit.” March is stiff the face, saying of hesitation. “I want to know that my credit can obtain many loans.”
“Although I do not like you, but as Draco family's successor, your limit of credit will be higher than others.” Although George does not like March, but does not represent him not to like a good business.
“How many are that?” Listened to George saying that did not like him, March pinched tightly the fist, was somewhat unhappy, was somewhat proud of Draco's name representative higher limit of credit.
“Because is the first transaction, if establishes the written agreement, the upper limit can large sum of money Along.” George thought, gave not a high not low digit.
“Large sum of money Along.” March was shocked, he cannot believe that also has not seen so much money. Even his family/home is very rich, from infancy to maturity most spending money have not surpassed 100 golds Along time.
“If doesn't leave behind the written agreement?” March has not thought that oneself name is so valuable, immediately also asked.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 18 reading magic “does not leave behind the written agreement, you can borrow a thousand gold (daughter) Along.” George has not created obstacles for March, and does not care about him whether leaves behind the written agreement.

“Good, I borrow a thousand gold (daughter) Along.” March is but actually impolite, borrowed the maximum quota directly.
“Good, your here signing character.” George has not put out the special contract, but discovered a registration table saying that “what this form recorded was you participate in the activity of mutual aid association today, showed that you have come, to avoid you forgot when the time comes.”
March doubt it seems like looked, signed own name above.
“Gives you, this quantity are somewhat many, you can take to count again.” George takes out a big package to give March, said, “you borrow 1000 fortunately, if taking advantage of 10,000, the owl consigns for shipment back and forth can cry.”
“So is simple?” March looked at looking toward the bag, looked at the golden light shining coin, some cannot believe.
“Every year 10% interest, you can also through the activity of mutual aid association, sell your study attainment, the magic skill, the incantation that even oneself invent received exchange for gold/metal Along.” George thinks that thought this is too impractical to March, therefore also then said.
“You know, as a Latin Crowd, we most important collection is always the books, if you want to obtain, can provide some valuable book collections, we confirmed after transcribing, can return the originally.” George's book collection to March family/home is very interested.
“Good, I will consider.” So borrows a great sum of money with ease, March was also happy, no longer pays attention to George, wrapping conceals secretly enters in the long gown, both hands hold the package to turn around to leave.
After March walks, a blond miss walked. “President, who is that person? I see him to hug a big bag, how much money did you borrow to him?”
“Sorry, borrower who Kate, this needs to keep secret.” Although is not the important matter, but George for proposing borrower security of request.
Kate Inlet before was a George's large customer, the present is one of the mutual aid association members.
“Kate, what the study note of today's receiving has to be worth paying attention?.” George asked.
“It is not important, except for from the beginning, the note that now receives mostly starts the repetition.” Kate knits the brows, replied.
“Also right, note that everyone is willing to take, almost took. Cannot count on everyone like you fierce.” George is not disappointed, the recent harvest is more than he expected.
“President you overpraised, actually my reading magic you have not said is so fierce.” Recently has gone all out to praise by George, Kate somewhat was also embarrassed.
“Is you are extremely modest, has not seen the potential of reading magic. To the sorcerer, the knowledge is the strength, the reading magic solely can remember the books fast the content, is much more powerful.” George takes seriously Kate to exchange the reading magic of mutual aid association, therefore knows after this magic, immediately looks for Kate.
From the beginning, George is also only the plan and Kate see above several, climbs up some friendship. After Kate graduates, tries to draw in the bookstore to own family/home again.
After the contact, discovered that similarly when as Latin Crowd's Kate is very good to speak, George immediately replaces the means that partly towed half letting Kate to join the mutual aid association. Is makes Kate be responsible for the study that reorganizes the mutual aid association to receive writing down with the related material.
Kate and her reading magic, can be George these days the most important harvest, he has decided that after Kate will graduate next year, arranges Kate to own bookstore, later has the time to consider a better arrangement. In brief cannot make the talent run away from own.
“Is reading magic so really important?” Kate who Latin Crowd comes is a full dwelling female, wants the dwelling compared with Latin Crowd's others similarly,
Also, must even like creating one specifically to be used in the magic of reading for this reason. Reading is Kate's hobby, even it can be said that Kate's most life, but Kate had not thought that read such hobby and likes GUI wonderfully, liked traveling such hobby to have anything to distinguish.
Reading the magic attaching great importance to is somewhat astonished to the George's, the most important thing is read the magic is she to enjoy reading creates, cannot be used to reading of magic books.
“Reading magic, although has the issue of easy disturbance, temporarily was unable to read has the charm books, but this not necessarily is forever conditioned.” The prospect of George's to reading magic favors, “magic is the knowledge, but the knowledge is not only the magic, the reading magic still can only read the ordinary books even finally, the value is inestimable.”
“Right, the knowledge is not only the magic.” The confidence that although Kate to reading the magic continues to lift is not big, actually approves of George's idea very much.
Also, because of the George's attaching great importance to reading, to her respect, she meets is willing to be separated from the comfort of dwelling, complies to give this first grade study the younger brother to help.
“Excellent treatment is only small some reasons...”
“Friend are too few, having no way to reject is also small some reasons...”
“He does not look like studies the younger brother is also small some reasons...” “...”
Looks that Kate falls into the domain of dwelling, starts beyond the soul roaming day, George is also secretly funny, oneself previous generation can also like this. This mutual aid association really gained in a big way, if one year of Kate graduated late, that may really be the disaster.
The development of mutual aid association, George, although is very confident, actually also hugged the thoughts of fighting the protracted war, hopeless has the big harvest immediately. Actually without thinking, the magic condition he, although only saw a small part, but this small part made him have the huge harvest.
“Is this good intention has the good report? Destiny favor driving creator?” George's idea just started to receive the huge return, for a while also somewhat feels extremely flattered.
Most starts the idea of mutual aid association, stems from seeks for a breach, limited to the present is only the first grade, the library important book collection is very difficult to obtain. The professor in school, others could not count on.
Ponders over, he takes the mutual aid association as a breach.
On the other hand, is stems from the hope to help family's destitute the student like Owen.
Under this idea, mutual aid association's goal from the beginning, is to Owen such student, provides the foundation the magic wand, the textbook, the fund of clothing. Another goal, is to obtain the note of high young student, must know that magic does not find at everywhere like the real world knowledge textbook.
The magic knowledge can directly transform the destructive power, ahead of time gains the spell of higher grades to be very difficult, but gains the study of higher grades to write down ahead of time is not difficult.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 19 gold coin offensive magic knowledge can directly transform the destructive power, ahead of time gains the spell of higher grades to be very difficult, but gains the study of higher grades to write down ahead of time is not difficult.

School professor's control, can control the textbook unable to flow out, is very difficult to control the personal note not to let the outflow. Therefore, the note of higher grade student, is that George found a breach that breaks through the grade.
For this breach, George also made many preparations, is good not to make sense except for own result, obtains very good impression before the professor, obtains beyond some recessive privileges. This mutual aid association, found the way to draw in the interests of other students.
The school does not hope, the student easily contacts the higher grades the content, but this situation, whose body also needs to view the issue to appear on.
Like Harry because the movement of Savior obtains the privilege, George obviously exceeds now the curriculum learning capability and progress, will be given favored treatment. Without the destruction school now rule, the school have no reason deliberately to give George to make trouble.
But to further guarantee these, George the mutual aid association, has the organization that supplements directly as one to the school. Enable the family circumstances not good student to obtain not to have the loan of cost here, enabling them to exchange the study attainment here, enabling them to work and study here.
Under the multiple insurances, George is confident about the mutual aid association.
But the realistic development, George conceives is smooth, he somewhat underestimated the desire of students this time uptight spending money and expense.
Works also has to the stipend of student, but the school must make money after all.
The daily revolution of maintenance school, the wage spending of professor. The magic instrument, the loss of magic experiment and medicinal herb, these are very big costs, was doomed the school to deal with the expenditure discretely, the stipend has the enormous limit.
Simultaneously the request of society, cannot allow the poor student to cross is like the ordinary student. In the certain significance, the social class, the disparity, the rank is the inevitable foundation of social being. Without competition, without the height, how to appear person and the difference of person?
Therefore, the stipend, in any event, must let the level of living of financially strapped student, maintains under the pass student. Otherwise, this is unfair to pass student some that makes a payment laboriously.
Low-rent housing like real world, if the real plan leaves the poorest person, then the low-rent housing must not have the restroom, must be crude. Because only then makes others think not to have the demand, these things can truly keep in the poorest person hand.
This also makes the student in stipend condition edge very awkward, crosses very much not easily, can only use the elder brothers have used the old thing like Owen. The stipend can only make the student not leave school, and has no alternative but to drag down the study progress of student, cannot help the student obtain good study conditions.
But George's mutual aid association is an extra supplement, made up for the disparity of poor student and pass student, made up for the disparity of the pass student and wealthy student. What is most essential, gave the pass student, gave the outstanding student, can obtain money in the school an opportunity.
This is important.
In fact, Owen family/home will not be poor cannot afford a magic wand, compared with the high price of previous generation, the magic wand has resulted in cheaply does not dare to imagine. Will use for many years, to the sorcerer important essential part, a price of magic wand 7 golds Along, 35 pounds, 350 Yuan, cannot afford.
The real reason is not to attach great importance, the demand and feeling of child were not cared about by the Sir.
Too are many like Owen family/home children, the place that must pay wages are too many, has to plan carefully. Therefore, the clothes, the magic wand, these do not care, place that does not attach great importance, Owen can only use the Elder Brother, in fact this is very bad.
Owen family/home is this, Nervy family/home is also this, many families are this. The Sir treats with courtesy to play cards many expenditures not to mind, but child as part of family asset,
It is difficult to obtain property that can control. Even very rich March, at this time, will not obtain many spending money, he will look for the mutual aid association to lend money like this.
But George is different, George has the earning power of far ultra-large person, in the present student pile, is big and thick gold/metal thigh like one,
“The spending money of child, perhaps is in the world the performance-to-price ratio the highest expenditure.” George says with emotion in a soft voice, the harvest of mutual aid association surprises him. Expenses of adult food, change into the spending money of child, can actually bring an all year round joy.
He discovered oneself this time the biggest advantage, is not the growth the quick mature body, does not flaunt the charm that lets compared with the graduate, is not the excellent controlling force. Even is not grasping the plot, but is his incomparable gold coin offensive.
George is very strong, Lord Voldemort will certainly not have him in his age, but real world never because young will give the person to look, young should be bullied, the real world will not only give the opponent who the person will arrange the same age.
The age gap is modifiable, George strength again is also only a student, even a top student, compared with accumulating many years of school professors, in addition missed.
But the professor in school cannot be regarded the extraordinary character in magic, in fact great person Dumbledore of magic, entire Works, entire magic trembles to tremble under a dying Lord Voldemort shadow.
What George most needs is the time, what most needs was the accumulation, the mutual aid association makes him find such a breach.
When George the wealth of adult world, belt/bring to the world of child, if the price of magic also made him feel to take advantage before, then he feels himself now in the crime.
The study notes of outstanding student, study the attainment, the magic skill, even homemade magic skill, like giving for nothing put in the bag by George, changes into own accumulation.
“This is really a good chess.” Low consumer price Jeangeorges of magic is shocked, harvest Jeangeorges of mutual aid association is shocked.
The harvest of mutual aid association far exceeded his expectation, he also therefore discovered an interesting fact.
Perhaps Lord Voldemort and Dumbledore cannot be bought by money. But very important groups can be bought by money, that is Works's student. Their uptight capital statuses, with were constrained many years of expense, making them be bought easily.
“Secondary roles that perhaps Lord Voldemort rises, these receive the depressing student.” George as if caught anything.
Halloween, today Works's big restaurant seems very different, all kinds of pumpkin heads, the skeleton is strange, lantern, werewolf, various types of ornaments that are full of the strange character and style hung all over the restaurant.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 20 pulls out to the air innumerable bat in the wall, flies round on the ceiling, circles unceasingly, the flame in pumpkin lantern throws is flashing. Food of various flavors suddenly appear on the tray.

“I do not like this condition, will head bat defecate suddenly?” Owen to some bat opinions that the head circles unceasingly.
“Although I do not like, but you really should not say that word.” Harry also came under the influence.
“You really feel disappointed.” He put down the fork sensitively, carries the fruit juice to drink.
Suddenly some people flushed from the restaurant, is Professor Cello, his whole face is pallid, arrives at side of Professor Dumbledore, collapses on the table, “basement has greatly strange.” Spoke these words, faints.
“What great strange is?” Harry asked.
“A stupidity, the strength very big monster, is not very difficult to deal with, people are more commonly used its name to curse at people.” He appraises sensitively.
“Was Professor Cello frightened the corona unexpectedly?” Owen finds it hard to believe.
“This is not quite common, I think you, if attentive enough, next year should be able to cope is greatly strange.” George remembered anything suddenly.
“It seems like not attended class calmly and steadily, can become an outstanding sorcerer.” Looks in the restaurant panic, the student of making a mess, George says with emotion, “in them many people enough have defeated are greatly strange.”
Harry and the others nod approval.
Dumbledore sends out several fireworks with the magic wand, attracts the attention of people, then the people who make a mess the restaurant in comforted.
“Class president receives the dormitory the student of own school!” He uses the low and deep sound to order.
The arrangement that Percy has a familiar task and handles it with ease everyone is leaving. “Maintains the order, comes with me, should not be chaotic, the first-grade student listens to me to tell. Opposite first makes, let for a year first walks.”
“How is greatly strange to run in the school?” Harry asked.
“Should be put.” George replied, “in school seemed to be having the change recently.”
Is listening to George's words, the people fall into for a while silent.
“Did some people see Nervy?” Around Harry looks, suddenly opens the mouth to ask.
“I had seen Nervy before, he looked for his toad.” Owen replied, as if thinks anything for a while became somewhat anxious.
“In that direction?” Harry referred to the direction of basement.
“UN.” Owen is biting the lip, nods.
“I must save him.” Although Nervy always annoys troublesome, but Harry can always on his body notice that some once experienced.
“What to do?” He keen Wang George is asking. Harry and Owen also transferred, waits for George to make a decision.
“Great strange is not quite difficult to deal with, the premise is it has not bumped into you. Is 12 feet greatly strangely, one ton, so long as were being bumped by it, you died.” George is saying the great strange fearfulness to everyone.
“I must go.” Harry is a face is firm and resolute.
“Good, I lead you to look for Nervy. He keen and Owen follow others to leave.” George thinks to say.
He keen and Owen have a mind to follow to go together, fears unable to help, stamped putting one's foot down, follows others to leave.
George leads Harry to hide from others, walks toward the basement.
“Has the person.” George Harry is hiding to a stone carving behind. “Is Shape.”
“What does he want to make?” Harry does not like Shape, does not like Harry like Shape. “He with other teachers has not stayed together, what is to make secretly?”
“First these, we first look for Nervy leave alone.” George sees Shape to walk away, leading Harry to continue to walk toward the basement.
After a corridor time, a smelly sock and smell of restroom carburetor transmits, Harry could not bear cover the nose. George also wrinkles the brow. “Is great strange.”
As the ozone is one low and deep rumble the sound and giant sole tread in the sound of ground transmit.
“ Great strange 12 feet high, the skin hard mixture mud, the representative defends high, resists the physical injury and impact has very big resistance.
In this situation directly to great strange and attack is very difficult to cause the damage. The both legs are flat, the weight is huge, the equilibrium sense will not miss, with losing the balanced magic arts will also expire. Once that giant wooden club rubs enough is destroying. “ George is staring at great strange every action and every movement, careful guard, while explains to Harry carefully to great strange the observation and dealing.
Is hearing George's calm voice, Harry's eyes following George's observation, 11 comparisons, look at the present monster, no longer feels fearful.
“Although our goals are to look for Nervy, but our enemies actually great strange, when you have defeats the enemy ability, most important forever first beats the enemy, assures own security.” George continues Harry is teaching the experience. “First forever must assure own security.”
“Armor guard” George and distinguished enclosed the iron armor incantation to Harry, said that “do not count on this charm barrier can protect you, but first always do not forget to use it, no matter it were useful. Great strange is stupid, copes with the spirit, the misleading the public spell can play very good effect.” George, added that “, but you have not studied.”
“When you could not find a better spell, reasonable application your spell, for example at this time, you have studied spell.” George said, is brandishing the spell, discussed “feather Tim Level Ora!”
At this time is greatly strange to tread a foot to take a step to forward, suddenly lost the center of gravity, falling ruthlessly on the ground.
“Feather Tim Level Ora!” Also, is an incantation, the wooden club in great strange hand flies toward the space, has not waited to struggle to crawl greatly strangely, the wooden club turned around knocking ruthlessly in the great strange head. Sends out “works as” a loud sound. Great strange fell down was without sound.
“ When great walks strangely with the float incantation, can make not the easy-to-use incantation play the special effect.
The great strange vitality is very strong, the wooden stick can only knock down it, most magics also can only injure. But this does not represent it to lose the threat, so long as your negligence, it will wake up you suddenly tears into shreds. At this time you must determine that it had died. “ George is saying, wields spell “to pull out to the air.” Giant round bubble appears in greatly strange on.
“With pulling out suffocates greatly to the method of air strange, needs to wait for several minutes, but the advantage splashing blood everywhere will not be.”
“In school learns the spell is not many, but is very practical, what is most essential is their enough foundation, in the school will not teach you extremely dangerous spell.” George is instilling into to Harry. “Therefore do not count on, according to the progress of school, can become a powerful sorcerer.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 21 you should discard the movement of toad Lord Voldemort to be getting more and more frequent, George cannot count on that Harry like plot, can always rely on good luck continuously, defeats Lord Voldemort, can only send to hope that makes Harry grow is quicker.

“This spell that pulls out to the air makes people somewhat familiar.” Harry thinks, asked.
“Keen power of observation.” George commended looks at Harry, without thinking of merely one time, he can have some discoveries. “This is I act according to the clean new incantation, assigns to extract the air, new spell that creates. I have said that do not neglect the spell that you learn, even they are not powerful, but their enough foundation.”
“ No matter in the fight, is in the experiment, the sorcerer needs to use own imagination.
Right time, can make the float incantation defeat greatly strange, an appropriate spell, can play the best effect. After the transformation spell, can use in very many places. “ The George's transformation to the foundation spell attaches great importance, each new foundation spell, is representing the tremendous potential for development.
“After you grasp a foundation spell thoroughly, you can start to make some changes.” George also encourages Harry more radical, the action of Lord Voldemort just started, Harry cannot only the progress of following school routinely.
Harry's nod of looking pensive, he does not know test that own future must face, but competitive mentality, even the child still has.
“OK, the great strange heartbeat had stopped, pulls out also enough continues for five minutes to the magic of air, we should look for Nervy.” Smoothly solves greatly strange, George no longer delays, leading Harry to continue to look for Nervy.
“Nervy, where are you at?” Harry walks while shouted.
“I in this.” Nervy rented to crawl from a low shrubbery.
Nervy's luck is good, he with great separates strangely not far, when first discovers the monster, he crawls to hide to a shrubbery in immediately, does not dare to move.
The great strange vision is unsatisfactory, without discovering him, in a while George and Harry caught up. He hears Harry's shouting, discovered that George solved greatly strange, knocks crawled.
“OK, was all right.” Harry comforts Nervy who is receiving to frighten.
“Harry braves by the risk that great kills strangely, insisted that must look for you.” George's tone is somewhat severe. “You later watch your toad well, if it annoys again troublesome, you should discard it.”
Nervy is looking at Harry dull, sobbed was saying, “I am sorry, was my mistake, I was too useless.”
“Has been all right, Nervy you should brave.” Harry looks at timid Nervy, remembered beforehand.
“Harry, thank you looks for me.” Nervy cries saying that he always annoys clumsy troublesome, everyone does not like him, his toad, must always flee him, but Harry actually helps him.
Looks at an appearance of Nervy face scapegoat, George was not good to continue the harsh language, bringing in greatly strange is attached to the method of Cello Professor Lord Voldemort.
For in the scattered school the attention of professor, would the student being deceived here to come. Nervy is the luck is not good, but George does not think that Nervy does not have the responsibility, moreover he dislikes the toad.
“OK, first returned to the dormitory, the professors should also catch up.” George calculated next time, Harry and Owen inform the professor, they should also catch up, therefore leads Harry and Owen round trip walks.
On the road the right views Maine is teaching, Professor Shape, Professor Cello hurried catches up. He keen and Owen have not followed, should hurry back to the dormitory.
Cello looked at great strange one, distant avoids does not dare to come. Maine taught to clash immediately, inspected Harry injured. Shape bends the waist to inspect greatly strange.
Sees George and the others is not injured, Maine taught the pale complexion to have improvement, later looked to George asks “ what's the matter.
“ “Harry in returning to the team of dormitory has not been seeing Nervy, asked, knows that Nervy looks for his toad here, I let keen and Owen inform you, feared that Nervy has the danger, looks for him with Harry.” George considers is returning to the covered passageway.
Face of Halley side George sincere, Nervy follows in the later dull helplessness.
“You really should discard your toad.” Maine teaches sternly said to Nervy, Nervy always makes mistakes, the result is not good, the teacher is very difficult to him the good impression.
Nervy lowers the head, does not know where the hands and feet should toward put, but was saying low voice “sorry, sorry.”
“Is good because of you have not been injured.” Therefore, no one injury made Maine teach the mood to be finally more affable, “was good because, you also understood that made one inform the teacher. However, acts presumptuously is not always the good deed.”
“As the student of first grade, can defeat one to grow up greatly strange is not easy, George and Harry respectively add on 20 points be your school.” Maine taught to consider, said, “Harry can discover Nervy was not, is thinking looked for the missing schoolmate, again in addition five points. George knows that lets keen and Owen informs the professor, has not made Harry act sloppily, in addition.”
“As for Nervy, strolls in the school randomly, almost causes the disaster, deducts the ten points.” Maine taught to look at Harry and Nervy has not continued the buckle to divide.
Harry happy were adding 25 for the Georgian sweet orchid smell, heard Maine to teach buckling Nervy ten points. This one plus one reduces, with Latin Crowd's score, was badly is farther.
“OK, then you should return to your school, enjoyed Halloween the dinner.” Maine teaches does not want what problem again, was urging George and the others returned to the dormitory.
Next day, Halloween crosses, Works's big restaurant changed in the past appearance.
“The innumerable bat has not flown round in the head, then I felt more comfortable.” Owen is eating the pie, while said.
“I also thought so, you must know, animal that the bat and other can fly, is really edge drawing above the day.” He keen said.
“You came.” Harry puts down the fork, somewhat helpless looks that Owen and He is sensitive.
“Snort, yesterday you ran and great strange fight, we actually can only stay in the dormitory feel alarmed and anxious.” He keen to yesterday's matter, but also somewhat takes to heart.
Owen also follows the nod name is.
“I follow by George, anything has not done, looked that George killed with two spells with ease greatly strange.” Since came back the dormitory yesterday, asked the process by Owen and He keen.
Later Harry has been scolded by two people, said that he threw down them, oneself take risk.
“You!” Although Harry had said yesterday that hears here, Owen and He attracted a cold air/I sensitively. Yesterday they listened to George's instruction first to notify Maine to teach, but also the plan followed Maine to teach goes back to look for them together, was actually taught to order by Maine, making one bring back to the dormitory.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 22 transformation spell George and Harry take risk in the school, Owen and He keen feel alarmed and anxious to be possible in the dormitory many. He also the book from lounge turned out the great strange material sensitively, great strange information when reading said that that fearful great strange illustration, Owen and He keen were more wants more to fear.

That is 12 feet, is one ton monster. Did not see Harry to come back, two people experience one day like a year, was soon worried.
Finally, separated quick one hour, Harry led Nervy to come back. Owen and He weeps sensitively, Harry sees this scene also to feel very embarrassed, in two people questionings, said own risk experience vividly.
Listens to two people to feel alarmed and anxious in the lounge, Harry actually happy risk, but also killed with George with ease greatly strange. Owen and He is sensitive, some vitality/angry, educated Harry yesterday ruthlessly.
“It is not the important matter.” Looks at the keen and a facial expression of Owen face worship, George said. “Prepares the good sorcerer regarding one, great strange is very small and weak enemy.”
“Great strange will appear in the school, representative the school is not the completely safe place. I in the following time, will start the guide you practice to study the spell.” George continues to say.
On the mutual aid association the stock rail, George had multi-directions and ideas to the later development, hopes that Harry and the others the strengths can progress quickly.
“Has studied the spell, I have grasped.” He keen thinks learns, a fiercer spell. “Feather Tim Level Ora!” She recited the incantation, controlled a spatial tray on table to float to flutter with ease.
“Very good float incantation.” George never stints oneself praise, when should praise, will never act with constraint like the pest, even taunted.
“I can first teach you, when I cope with is greatly strange has used pulling out to leave the air. This spell use are many, you can excavate slowly, when you can transform a foundation spell time, I can teach you to attack the incantation.” George planned that arouses the mutual competitive in the Harry three people the mood, He keen, since has grasped has studied the spell, he will take advantage of opportunity will pull out teaches He to be sensitive to air spell.
“Oh!” Harry and a Owen face envies, the experience that yesterday when they in the same place, Harry coped with was greatly strange passes on also to rephrase in own words that George was sensitive to Owen and He, later they may summarize many Georges had used the more usages of spell secretly.
Also, thinks with the sensitive disparity, to George proposed embarrassed similar request, was only in secret some plan, must grasping diligently study spell.
“It was good, I will transform my foundation spell quickly.” He sensitively is also excited, but she wants are more, except for learns more spells from George there, she also wants to transform a fierce foundation spell, Jeangeorges is surprised.
“Oh!” He's sensitive long-range goal lets some Harry slightly envy, she is so always outstanding.
Also, looks at George, Harry hesitant a meeting, said a previous idea.
“George, can I teach Nervy the word spirit?” Harry somewhat embarrassed saying, has been looked after by George, at this time planned to teach own word George to teach spirit to Nervy, Harry felt oneself are extremely really impolite.
But Nervy is extremely timid, always therefore makes mistakes, has been bullied, no one likes him. This reminded Harry of once, he always cannot bear want to help Nervy.
“Sure, I as if forgot told you to say the spirit detail.” George sees has attracted Harry and the others the attention, opens the mouth to say. “ Word spirits, is a very special ability, is the union of faith and will.
Different from the spell, the correct hand signal, the correct incantation, can display the spell. Saying the spirit must have the powerful faith and will, can have an effect. “
“That? Because Nervy is timid, can therefore 't study the word spirit?” He keen asked.
George has not answered He the sensitive question, but continued to open the mouth to tell a story “in the remote East, there is an Eastern master. The master in the travel, after a village, in the village had an old woman, is the reverent follower.”
“Old woman is not literate, only knows reverent read one to listen to the word incantation that read the entire 60 years.” George at this point. “Continued 60 years of word incantations to have the intelligence, Eastern master after village time, was away from several miles, can hear old woman's word incantation.”
“60 years.” Harry and the others expressed an exclamation, 60 years to them, are extremely really remote.
“But Eastern master actually discovered, because the old woman is not literate, the word incantation that read was inaccurate, the entire 60 years, read wrong.” George also said.
“How can.” He sensitive surprised screaming, is covering mouth with the hand later, the old woman insisted unexpectedly wrongly 60 years, was really pitiful.
“The Eastern master the most correct word incantation will teach the reverent old woman later.” George said that here stopped.
“Afterward?” He sensitive hurried asking.
“Reverent old woman starts to read the most correct word incantation, did not have the intelligence again, the word incantation that read was impossible to be away from several miles to hear.”
“Did wrong word incantation instead have the word spirit?” Harry somewhat cannot feel the mind. Saying the spirit is not the spell, the person chooses the word spirit, the word also chooses the person spirit, I will say teach you spirit, that is your word spirit. “ At this point, George “only had, when you can say teach to others spirit, you mastered the word spirit true meaning truly.”
“In other words, I can say teach Nervy spirit, but can't he learn mostly?” Harry somewhat has doubts, to continue to ask.
“No, Nervy can certainly learn the word spirit, but your duty will be difficult, you need to try to find the solution unceasingly, until teaching Nervy said spirit.” George replied.
Harry feels some dizziness, can Nervy learn the word spirit.
“Fool, George said, grasped the person of word spirit true meaning truly, can teach the criticism/human language spirit. Nervy cannot learn the word spirit words, because you have not mastered the word spirit true meaning, when you mastered the word spirit true meaning, you can teach Nervy.” The sensitive brain transferred quickly, understands immediately, a face arrogance looks at everyone.
“Is talent He is worthily sensitive.” George somewhat is also speechless, oneself considered for quite a while not to make Harry understand, never expected that He sensitive a few words saying clearly, it seems like he and child were too dull long, language enhancement degeneration.
Saying the spirit is George acts according to some records and speculations in sorcerer history, with language one attempt of faith and charm union, even if he, grasped is not sturdy.
Knows that Harry has the powerful will and faith, he will teach the ability that this Harry can master to Harry, but when Nervy can stimulate oneself courage, George not to plan attempts.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The Chapter 23 GUI wonderful competition in an instant in November, the weather had become very cold, institute's nearby mountain covers in the dusky mist, wore a snow and ice coat, the lake surface outside castle also freezes solid.

Every morning, can see to bind the long mole skin coat, wears the thick leather glove, puts on heavy/thick huge leather boots, in the flying broom to GUI wonderful field defrosts.
The GUI wonderful season started, Harry after several weeks of training, must attend in the middle of his life first competition finally, many to fighting Skye Bring competes the looking player when as the Georgian sweet orchid smell.
George, Owen, He is sensitive, today gives Harry to refuel. They had not looked at Harry's training before, Wood planned from the beginning makes Harry the secret weapons of standard sweet orchid smell mufti- team, participates in the news of competition strictly to keep secret to Harry.
However, you cannot count on a small school, among young children, there is a true strict security.
A person told own good friend on the quiet, and requests the opposite party strictly to keep secret.
The informed person, told own another good friend again, requested the opposite party to keep secret. Biography, quick, the people in school know Harry must attend the GUI wonderful competition, knows that Harry hits very good.
Therefore, only what Wood can do, watches the front door of training ground strictly, does not make others see Harry's practical training.
However even this, Harry's first presence, makes everyone anticipate. Also, some people proposed that the school should to bring the mattress, follows Harry's broom to run under, preventing him to fall.
“This is March passes certainly on.” Harry thought that this proposition is bad, this lets he originally good mood, becomes somewhat anxious.
“Yesterday Shape deliberately looked for a job, found the excuse to screw on five points in my body. I do not do clearly, why Shape hates me.” Harry is somewhat indignant.
“Harry, you know that we impossible and everyone friendly are together. Some people, no matter what, will always dislike you.” George thinks, is comforting Harry.
“Like March.” Owen pointed out an appropriate example.
“Shape.” Harry said that also supplemented “March may not have the means to deduct points to me.”
“But Shape will not deceive your duel, wants to expel the school you.” He thinks sensitively, lifted a good aspect.
“, That is really lucky.” Is listening to the comfort of friend, wants to become March Shape, Harry felt better finally, Shape had not at least planned that caught up with him to have the school, otherwise that may really be the huge misfortune.
“I looked for Shape yesterday, wants to bring back «GUI Wonderful Tracing» from his there. I see on his leg to have the wound, hears him to complain that was bitten by three dogs.” At this point, Harry lowered oneself sound.
“Halloween on that day, we looked for Nervy time. He passes through from our side, went to four buildings, the places of three dog guarding, he was bitten by three dogs at that time.”
At this point, Harry stopped, “I make a bet, at that time great strange was he puts, to shift the attention of professors.” Harry looks at George, wants to listen to George's view.
“Reasonable deduction, but not proven.” Harry's deduction is very reasonable, George not with no reason at all corrects.
“How can, I know that he is not quite good, but he will not steal the thing that the school hides.” He's sensitive eyes stare in a big way, inconceivable looks at Harry.
“He is sensitive, you cannot always think that all teachers are the good people.”
Owen some did not say politely, “I agreed Harry's view, I also think that Shape anything matter can be done, like March. More importantly, what thing are the three dogs of four buildings guarding?”
“He is sensitive, Harry's deduction is reasonable, although Shape not necessarily really stole the thing.” George stopped,
Also, then said that “I approve of Owen's a few words, is not all teachers is the good people.” Looks that George also approves of oneself viewpoint, Owen somewhat proud hints to He sensitively.
He looks sensitively everyone does not support her, for a while some vitality/angry, no longer spoke.
“Harry, do you want to eat a thing? Waited for you to attend the competition.” Owen discovered that the atmosphere starts becomes awkward, is trying the shift topic.
“I am not hungry.” Harry felt own condition is not wonderful, attended the GUI wonderful competition for the first time, the responsibility is important.
He somewhat was anxious, the matter that also runs into Shape, had not had a good sleep last night, now does not have an appetite. This made him feel somewhat bad, for one hour he must participate to compete, but he actually has no way to calm the mind now.
“Your condition is not quite good, too should not be worried, thinks that incantation.” George also saw that Harry's condition is not quite good, but no one could help at this time, thinks, reminded Harry one. We hope that incantation can help him.
“Good, thanks.” Mentioned also strangely, when the spirit shifted to that incantation in time, Harry felt oneself are not suddenly anxious, were for a while many several points of confidence.
11 points time, GUI wonderful field, at this time on surrounding stand, dense and numerous stood the person.
Many students also brought the binoculars, the seat had risen in the midair, but, sometimes still was very even so difficult to see clearly competition.
“I as if should teach He keen and Owen eagle-eyed technique.” George turns toward all around to look on Latin Crowd's stand, after all with the competition that the flight broom attended, must see clearly is not easy.
However, thinks that once saw in the book, a GUI wonderful competition, continued at most for several months.
If cannot hold the golden cat burglar, competition forever without limits continues. Thinks of here, George also hit to tremble, hopes that cannot meet this condition, therefore hurried to add on an eagle-eyed technique to oneself.
Owen and He keen Zhengzhou in the other aspect, in the highest one row, side is Nervy, Dean.
Nervy they seem to have become Harry's fan, sees only them to tow one with the giant banner that the bed sheet draws up, above writes “baud to win” under this to draw giant standard sweet orchid smell many lions, draws the resembles.
He also put out the magic wand sensitively, selected on the banner, the pigment on banner also started the twinkle different light.
Separated the moment, the field started jubilantly, became extremely busy.
Was Harry and Fred also has others to go out of the changing room one after another, moved toward the field, on people both hands toward stand brandished.
The atmosphere became warmer, people also following player cheered, waves.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 24 Referee Madame Duo I stands in the field center, the referee who in the hand is her flying broom, the GUI wonderful competition must the following player fly round, this is not quite easy.

Both players enter the stadium, the old opponents are exchanging the vicious vision mutually, Madame Duo I makes the teammates gather, starts to get ready before the game.
“OK, I also no longer said, today I only hope everyone to be able, fair, honest participation competition.” She said, looked at Skye Bring's team leader specially, Marks Flint eyes, might warn him.
“Is ready, everyone rides the flying broom.” Madame Duo I orders saying loudly.
Everyone stepped up to the flying broom.
“He” resonant whistling sound, was announcing the competition formally starts.
15 flying broom shoots towards sky, Lee Jordan and Maine taught to start the illustration of this competition.
“A standard sweet orchid smell many Angina Johnson beginning grabbed the ghost flying ball, she was an outstanding pursuing player, was long is so charming.” Lee Jordan's illustration appears the unusual bracelet.
Jordan Maine taught to hint.
“Good, Professor.” Lee Jordan does not like the inflexible illustration, who lets others is a professor.
“ Angina sprints, brilliant pass, the ghost flying ball gave Ellie, this is also the talent who Ollie Sherwood unearths. Last year time, she is also only a substitute, this year has become the team main force.
She passed to Johnson the ball, oh, really pitifully, Sleight Lin Chang robbed the ghost flying ball, is the Skye Bring's team leader Marks, he is high and strong, no one may keep off. Marks must score points. “
“Pitifully, standard sweet orchid smell many goalkeeper Wood, was cut off the ball very much, he is so always reliable. The present is the standard sweet orchid smell kicks off much, what kick-off pursues player Key Bell, oh, Marks flushed. Key Bell when avoids Marks, was walked randomly the ball to hit the back of the head. The ghost flying ball arrived in Skye Bring hand.”
Lee Jordan's illustration is coordinating the team members in the space with lightning speed, making the entire field boil, George who originally was not interested in also started to discover the charm of GUI wonderful competition.
The speed of this flight to the pinnacle, the strange game and rule also became had the attraction continually, the space 14 team members fly round in an arena, will hit one group incautiously, George also becomes anxious.
The players like the train that goes one after another high-speed, batters in the location without traffic regulations, the CIA shoulder, George has been able time and time again every so often thump, resounds “bang”, waits for two people to run upon, actually only almost.
“It seems like I also need to improve my dynamic vision.” GUI wonderful competition Jeangeorges also somewhat one's blood bubbles up to the brim, made him discover an own weak link, the spell speed only flying will be faster, words that this speed cannot disregard, dealing with the spell may be difficult.
“Delhi Ample stopper charged into standard sweet orchid smell many goals, he was also walked randomly the ball to strike down by one, walked randomly the ball to be shunted by Red, Johnson grabbed the ball, the front nobody left. She accelerates fast, avoided one to walk randomly the ball, she evaded the goalkeeper! She scored points! Georgian sweet orchid smell mufti- scores!” Georgian sweet orchid smell many student loud cheering, have covered Skye Bring's angry roaring.
Looks that players to/clashes to flush away like the train, while the avoidance walks randomly the ball, attempts to score points, George somewhat is also eager to try. Mused, if the players are adding on the armor guard, the speed is faster, the audience “ping pong”, this may be more interesting than the football.
This time Harry in field upper air lithe flees, narrows the eye to search for the shadow of golden cat burglar.
Only then held the golden cat burglar sports match to finish, in other words, controlling the golden cat burglar was the core of GUI wonderful competition. If the speed can appear to the golden cat burglar quickly holds, that can the easy achievement competition.
Therefore, in the team is quickest, looks for the player flexibly forever is the cores of team, is the secret weapon of team. Can by a person of strength, leading everyone to win the competition, this responsibility is very important. This makes Harry somewhat excited, some pressures.
Is good once in flies in the upper air, the ear bank is howling the wind, he feels is comfortable, like a fish in water.
The Georgian sweet orchid smell takes the lead to score points much, Harry is also excited, he must find the golden cat burglar as soon as possible. He is pursuing the golden light, discovered that misread, evades random walk ball that hits rapidly, his unceasing is looking, seeking for a cat burglar who is almost small cannot see.
The golden cat burglar appeared, it scratches the ear of Delhi Ample stopper to fly.
Harry also saw, his excitement, dives, flies to that golden flowing light. Terence Higgins also saw, he is Skye Bring's looking player, charging into cat burglar who he refuses to admit being inferior, is equally matched with Harry.
Pursue also forgot for a while the matter that oneself must handle, hangs in the air, is paying attention to two situations of looking for the player. Golden cat burglar in the event, once were held, the competition ended immediately, only then golden cat burglar not, the attention of people will keep on pursue.
Harry's speed is faster, he saw that wing to flap, the confused small sphere, he picked up oneself speed.
“Bang” Marks Flint ran upon Harry intentionally, he must catch the opportunity for oneself teammate. This causes standard sweet orchid smell much angry roaring, Harry almost held the golden cat burglar.
“This is breaks the rules.” The Georgian sweet orchid smell many protested loudly.
Madame Duo I also blamed Flint angrily, gave standard sweet orchid smell many one compensation that has the free kick. What a pity in a confusion, the golden cat burglar disappeared from everyone's line of sight.
On the stand, Dean Thomas is shouting loudly: “Punishes him, Referee, red card.”
George is somewhat funny, the rule of GUI wonderful competition cannot foul out, the players lack the protection, does not permit dashing.
The weak rule lacks the basic binding force, the team that this lets the destruction rule, can obtain the enormous superiority easily. However, the magic population are too few, the interests that the GUI wonderful competition involves are also very small, is strange at once and tedious rule can also maintain.
Narrator Lee Jordan is angry, just behavior in the illustration will be called despicable cheating, causes huge disaffection that Maine teaches.
Harry continues to scrape past with a random walk ball of extreme velocity, suddenly, his flying broom started to shake. Quick, almost lost the control, he felt that oneself soon fell down, his two hands firmly hold the broom, clamps the knee stubbornly.
Harry has lost the control to the flying broom, broom irregular about has turned, high and low sways.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 25 George first discovered Harry's difference, about him takes a fast look around, quick discovered Professor Cello is displaying the wicked incantation to Harry's broom.

George leaves Cello's position to be very far, is unable to prevent, looks that not far away Shape puts out the magic wand, is helping Harry relieve the control. Also, follows to put out the magic wand, helping Harry suppress the wicked incantation. Preparing for that concentrates on, once Harry falls from the magic wand, immediately displays the float incantation.
In George also joins to the suppression of wicked incantation, Harry also gradually retrieved the control of body, an ill feeling likely standing net, making him timid and hesitant, like together the shackles, making him unable to move, like a giant stone, presses him not to gasp for breath.
His heart sank, feels own breath, feels flowing of body charm, is feeling the wicked incantation to his fetter, he has one type intensely works loose all desires.
“Tasmania!” Harry angrily roared, broke away the shackles, ripped open the net, lifted the giant stone.
Harry fast dives to the tread, people see his correct used to cover the mouth, might vomit to be the same. His safe falling on the ground, a cough, a golden thing fell in his hands, was closely gripped by him.
“Tasmania!” Harry shouts greatly, has raised the top of the head the hand high, said that loudly “I caught the cat burglar!”
The competition ended, Skye Bring's team member is also thinking the means must repudiate a debt.
“He almost swallows down the cat burglar, this does not conform to the custom.” Flint indignant disturbed, why blames not to hit the broom Harry secretly for the first time, such Skye Bring won.
What a pity Harry has not violated any rule many, the standard sweet orchid smell won the victory of GUI wonderful competition at the big score with ease.
Harry seems somewhat tired, has not attended the team later celebration. Everyone went to hut together, made pot strong tea.
“Is Shape.” Owen's saying bitterly, “He sensitive and I saw, is he is giving Harry's flying broom to chant incantations.”
“Nonsense!” Does not believe that he only knows to watch the ball game, on the matter to stand knows nothing. “Why will Shape handle this matter to Harry?”
Harry looked under everyone, decides to tell truth, “I discovered Shape's some secrets, Halloween, he was bitten by the big dog of that three big head, we guessed that he wants to steal the big dog is guarding the trapdoor back thing.”
“Road prestige who where you know three heads?” It seems very surprised.
“Road prestige?” Harry asked.
“It is I raise, was I bought last year in Greek man there, I lent Dumbledore it, the guard important thing.” Said.
“Anything!” Harry pursues asks.
“This does not close your matter, this is No. 1 secret.” Broke Harry's questioning crudely.
“But Shape must steal it.” Harry has not given up.
“Nonsense!” Appears was not very happy, “Shape is Hogwarts's teacher, he will not do such matter.”
“Why does he want to kill Harry?” He was also sensitively angry, on the stand she also noticed that Shape is chanting incantations to Harry, but also overruns the plan to prevent, this makes her no longer believe Shape.
“In Works's teacher some people want to kill Harry, this is the affirmative matter, even possibly incessantly a person.” George is saying, blew out another information, “when I am helping on the stand with the spell suppresses the wicked incantation, discovered has two charms.”
“You were wrong.” It seems very hot tempered, “I do not know that Harry came across anything, but Shape possibly is not a murderer, now you should leave. These things are not you should meddle, forgets the big dog, forgot thing that it guards, this is very dangerous, this is Professor Dumbledore and matter between Nicole Lever.”
“This matter also involves to a person named Nicole Lever.” Harry was very not happy, today he is almost killed,
His repugnant Shape for a long time, some Owen and He sees sensitively at the scene, only believes Shape impenetrably thickheaded. On road of coming out, Harry pondered the moment, said, “definitely is Shape.”
“Right, we saw, Shape to chanting incantations that Harry mouth is muttering.” Owen and He remembered then plot sensitively.
“Is uncertain, at that time I discovered Harry's condition, I also in suppresses the wicked incantation on Harry broom, at that time I discovered that also has another charm.” George does not think that Harry missed other details.
“Another person?” Hears except for Shape, another person, Harry also is very unexpectedly surprised.
“Perhaps is the professor in school, discovered wicked incantation that Shape displays, therefore helps Harry suppress the wicked incantation.” He keen proposed a possibility.
“Shape has very big suspicion, you can suspect him, should suspect him. But cannot therefore conclude is he, but neglected other dangers.” George does not care about Shape whether was unjust, reminded Harry do not neglect others, cannot neglect other risks. The school is not the absolute safety place, you must more attentive on grasping of spell, today Harry can work loose the wicked incantation with the word spirit, displays very well. “
George does not stint to Harry's praise, Harry today taking advantage of roar speaking spirit, worked loose the wicked incantation, such performance makes him also feel somewhat shockingly.
The word spirit strength as if agrees with Harry, should say that this worthily is the child of potential surface? The faith and will never are Harry's troubles, spirits taking advantage of the word, Harry's future had more possibilities.
Without the class idle time, a George person across the corridor, moves toward the library alone, starts he one day of daily.
Some people greeted to him all the way unceasingly, hinted to him. Different from most starts to disregarding that he does not get on well with others, with the development of mutual aid association, George's sale price is getting higher and higher in everyone hearsay, has become one of the Works's campus legends.
Different from the previous generation common adventure story, the magic world in story, was always described the endless wilderness, the demon beast everywhere, everywhere is an adventurer.
Here after all is Earth, the time to 1991, had also erupted in this world science and technology, place that the age that the strength inflates, few average people have not been able to step. Entire magic, has to flinch in advantageous expansion of average person step by step, the endless wilderness, wild animal everywhere, adventurer everywhere, that has been several century ago stories.
Present sorcerers, has the proper work, depends on a work, a craftsmanship supports itself. The sorcerers also from the adventurer of fight, have become with the average person, petty bourgeois not many differences of going to work.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 26 more walks with the hearsay of George sale price is higher, no matter the lower grade is liking the candy, the schoolmate of toy, is the higher grades faced with the graduation, had the school leader of employment pressure and study the elder sister, had some different kind feelings to George.

Just entered the campus like Harry, surrounds the star like the real world.
Is good because of this is only the campus, everyone is also busy own matter.
He somewhat fondly remembered the network of mundane world, the efficiency of Internet compared in library investigates She one after another really facilitates too many, what a pity Works electronic products were useful, the electric lamp telephone was hopeless, let alone computer.
George still saw March and his two personal servants on the road, March this time has not disregarded George, but distant greeting, George also nod response.
March borrowed a thousand gold (daughter) Along great sum of money after the mutual aid association, these days passes comfortably, over Harry the concern was being short. No matter places in the strictest hermetic school, was closed in the prison that is unable to be separated from, on you have a great sum of money suddenly, the day association/will compare with crossed in the past comfortably.
March sought a big limelight recently, he was very recently high at Skye Bring's call.
This call, no longer merely because of Draco's reputation. He got so far as a great sum of money after George here, is not mean-spirited, was wasteful, lets follow in his person also to gain many advantages, recently Gore and Club were also more spirited than in the past.
Like George discovered that very early in the morning, the spending money of child, perhaps is in the world the performance-to-price ratio the highest expenses, delicious between-meal snack, the gaudy small present, quick makes March start to be all the rage in the Skye Bring's lower grade truly.
Seriously is in the hand the rich easy to do matter, rich is willing to spend, person but who can also spend. No matter at any time, any place can hand over the friend with ease, becomes object who everyone exalts.
George even also heard, March has been convincing the student of higher grades, planned that is like Harry, joins GUI wonderful competition school team.
Heard these hearsay high, George also the appraisal to March several points. Although March is only also swayed by personal feelings, the arrogant child, has been doing right with Harry. Without George lends a hand, March will get the winning side every so often.
However, thinks the March recent wastefulness, George also squandered the money later scene somewhat to anticipate to March, the collection of Draco family/home in seems to have waved to him by far.
Is and librarian Madame even Si greets as before, he peaceful entering library.
George is hopeless can obtain giving favored treatment of Madame even Si, but so-called better too polite than not polite enough, keeps friendly, expressing the good intentions will not be always wrong.
Essential also lies in he needs on the Works dull several years, but the library is the Works most important place, in any event, leaves behind a good impression always good matter to Madame even Si, even if can not create obstacles finally.
Without the conflicts of interest time, he always did not mind that expenditure tedious formality, reduces possible conflict. No matter to Madame even Si, is to March.
Perhaps displays repugnant, is hostile to March some, can let him and Harry, among Owen has the tacit understanding. But if only to be swayed by personal feelings, increases an enemy, George is not willing to make such choice.
“Only if can massacre the opposite party, otherwise as far as possible are few and person is the enemy.” When necessary, George does not mind removing Lucius, even March. But when he was unable to do this obviously, he rather reduces an enemy, disregards March, even does not hesitate with Harry, among Owen has some barriers.
In the library was still the scattered several people, even in magic, were not everyone likes reading. Even George, looks forward to endless wilderness in the adventurous story, demon beast everywhere, the beautiful woman of elf.
But now as a student,
George cans the knowledge acquisition, gain the place of strength also to only have the books. Especially the free book collection of library, perhaps they are not most effective, best study method, but enough security, is simple enough, is inexpensive enough. George following the position that previous time read, turns out chapter that had not read off, he looked at the remaining bookshelves, the remaining books are not many.
Bubble that several months continues in library, his reading speed has been quick, recently obtained the reading magic from Kate there in addition, this history and travel notes must be read off by him quickly.
George looks at the banned book area of library deep place, there is the entire library, even entire Works most valuable place, is his goal. But the guard of banned book area is strict, even in each book displayed the spell, has not passed through allows unable to glance through completely.
“Works has experienced the lesson of Lord Voldemort, Lord Voldemort on the growth gain of fame and fortune in the banned book area, the entire banned book area's management is stricter after that without the loophole may drill.” Thinks that here George somewhat is also annoyed, stands is actually not able to open in front of a giant buried treasure.
“At least must wait for the threat of Lord Voldemort to start to appear, this later banned book area is possible because of a bigger threat, but neglects the present threat.”
Although is somewhat annoyed, but George also has oneself plan, empties the negativity quickly, books in the immersion reading, only the remaining books, making him have an obsession, must read off completely, in order to avoid has leaked the important information.
Christmas immediately arrived, Christmas is also the magic important holiday, even the sorcerers were not clear what commemorate is.
Sorcerers arrogant declaration, historical record according to sorcerer world, sorcerers before hemp melon has started to celebrate Christmas, what although no one talks clearly Christmas commemorates is.
But who really cares about this? Holiday to everyone, most important has a vacation, reunion, celebration, revelry.
Who will go to care seriously, this holiday because of dying of several hundred years of previous person, was several thousand years ago?
What people need is in the arduous bored life, can have a ceremony of celebration in one day, the revelry reason. That 1-2 years that perhaps the holiday most starts, people when revelry, commemorating someone quietly. But quick, the holiday was only left over was joyful and cheerful.
If you must on that day of holiday, emphasize for several thousand years ago once had person pitiful dying. Then makes everyone not celebrate, does not go to the revelry, but is the mourning! You are one are very certainly difficult to be together, without the person of friend.
This time Works, has become one snow and ice fortress, in all directions is the thick snows.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


After Chapter 27 heavy snow, the solid lake surface also spread out a soft snow white cotton-wadded quilt, the cold weather also affected the transmission mail owl, has to set aside a place to rest to them in own hut.

The two brothers of Wesley family/home are accepting the punishment, they used the magic to the snowball, making the snowball catch up with Professor Cello, pounded in Cello's head.
This Jeangeorges is somewhat inconceivable, the black fiendish person who these days takes possession Cello, displays like scapegoat Nervy. Also, does not know that is the resistance of Cello will, the black fiendish person is feeble is inconceivable.
Everyone is anticipating going home, waits for has a vacation. Finally, several days of curricula, everyone somewhat is absent-minded, because pitiful Nervy this was scolded several times.
The assembly hall of school was dressed up very nicely, on the wall overspread the colored ribbon, in room entire 12 straight Christmas trees, hung all over sparking hanging to fall, is glittering the exquisite candle.
The professors hang up the attractive decorations with the magic to the tree on carefully, does not care about the students to leave muddily quickly.
Today in school last day, everyone has started to be ahead of time speech, ahead of time mutual farewell.
“I have not been able to endure March, today I almost punch him.”
Owen indignant disturbed, he is such repugnant March, even if he exceeded March in the study completely. But when March continually uses his foul-mouthed, attacks him and Harry's family unceasingly, Owen only wants by own fist ruthlessly kisses/intimate March's face.
“I am really repugnant March and Shape.” Harry seems somewhat helpless.
March has ridiculed recently Harry is the child who no one wants, these insults hit Harry's soft rib, maternal aunt family/home that he does not want to return to female loyal path Christmas. Even can say, he fled the female loyal path relative's house impatiently, he does not want to go back.
“You can go to my family to celebrate the Christmas.” He also knows sensitively some Harry's situations, planned invited him to go to the home the Christmas.
“Thank you He is sensitive, but I cannot a person throw down Owen.” Harry smiled, declined He's sensitive good intention.
Owen's parents must see Charlie to Romania, their several brothers must keep after school.
Regarding Harry's teasing, Owen turned a supercilious look with something else in mind.
“Do not be worried, Christmas vacation quick on the past, you can meet quickly” regarding Harry, He is sensitive, Owen and the others the sentiments, George showed the understanding.
George also has oneself matter, own life, does not plan Christmas to accompany Harry in the school.
“I will mail the gift to you.” George thinks, said, “school has a vacation, the professor will have a vacation, in the school the person are also few, Harry and Owen must pay attention to the security.”
“Whom if you clarify are Nicole Lever, remembers that writes to me.” He keen met one.
George looked at Harry and the others meaningfully. “Perhaps I should remind you, this risk to you, the difficulty was bigger.”
“Oh! You really know Nicole Lever, I thought that you should know, you have read the book are more than several times me, but why you had not told us on that day.” He was sensitively happy called, immediately pursues asks.
“Like said that Nicole Lever not in your class schedules.” In order to avoid saying the matter that should not say, Harry and the others have not asked that George did not plan directly to supply the information to them.
“Therefore we decide to draw in you.” He does not plan and George sensitively is polite.
“Good, but in order to the security, the vacation I will be telling you from now on.” George thinks, left the school immediately, is not willing to present what mighty waves.
“Oh! No, you told me ahead of time. We are pushing the class recess time, flipped through at least 100 books, a Nicole Lever's shadow does not have, now has a dream continually will emit the Nicole Lever's name.” He starts to act like a spoiled brat sensitively.
“At least gives us a prompt, I remember where I had seen his name.” Harry's name to the Nicole Lever has some impressions, felt oneself only need a prompt to think.
“OK, no joking, peaceful, joyful your Christmas.” George does not let, rather Harry thinks.
“Good! At least during Christmas, we did not need to stay in the library.” Owen thinks, discovered a good reason.
“Good, I think that should say one, Merry Christmas!” Harry saw George not saying that also no longer closely examined, perhaps he can think quickly.
“Good, Merry Christmas!” Was fished the curiosity by George, actually does not give the answer, He sensitively somewhat depressed, but thinks of the vacation, she also cheered up immediately.
“Merry Christmas!”
When along coming the road, Works leaves for nine and trains of 3/4 platforms. The person on this vehicle, because of keeping after school, but was short, appears no longer crowded, George and He keen Zhao close to middle position.
The train leaves for Works time carries a car(ridge) to anticipate, the train leaves Works also to carry full Che to be cheerful.
“Oh!” He keen seems very active on the vehicle, she first time is left the family/home residential school, when everyone places the school, but also cannot feel exceptionally. But now leaves the school, thinks after getting out, can see the parents, He to start sensitively excitedly, disturbed, full is the anticipation.
“Can sit to eat a thing?” George does not know how to comfort He to be sensitive, tries to shift her attention.
“I really cannot imagine me so to be excited.” He's sensitive voice somewhat shivers.
“You leave the home is too long, entered a new environment life, now immediately must go home, will therefore be excited.” Has George of adult soul unable to feel this mood, but he knows how this is a matter, like the story, in the novel, “nostalgia”, in the poem, “near nostalgia is timid!”.
Person far away from hometown, when was used to the new environment actually not to miss homeland. But when left the familiar environment, suddenly enters a strange place, secluded from the world feel alienated, will make one erupt the sentiment suddenly. The incomparable hope sees the familiar thing, runs into the familiar person, therefore has the nostalgia, longs for going home.
The people are always facing unknown, facing strange time, seems incomparably frail.
Regarding He keen, the school and families are the places that she is familiar with, is her security condition. But in the journey between both, she will feel strangely, was anticipating returns to the familiar place.
“This is one is worth being happy the matter.” Looks shivering that He cannot control sensitively, the mood that as the destination more and more nearly surges upward, George also somewhat envies.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 28 person is bigger, more many of experience, are more difficult to have the curiosity, more was touched difficultly, was moved.

Safe landslide in before, but the color is invariable, this describes the calmness of person, but also describes constraining of person, senseless.
The world on a Mount Tie, Mount Tie is collapsing at present, actually not look changes, before that this person, this/should experience how many natures and man-made disasters? This is what kind of constraining, what kind of senseless.
On voyage, has not discarded the toad the child, March who has not looked, this train does not have the twists and turns, calm and steady arrival destination.
Close to station of arrival, He sensitive unceasing questioning George, her hair was whether chaotic, her dressing up is whether appropriate, she becomes fat. Whether the parents will recognize her, or they have not come simply, thinks that here hertz keen tarries for a while, does not dare to take the baggage.
“ You like a little princess, in better not to have dressed up compared with the present now. When you compared with beginning school the emaciated appearance wanted fat little, it seems like that the meals of school was very good. I make a bet, you get out, their eyes can recognize you.
But when you become beginning school was more attractive, they will perhaps be whispering at heart, who is this pretty little princess? “ George praised He to be sensitive incessantly, finding the way to make her not so anxious.
Is listening to the ordinary day serious George, a series of exaggerating comforts, He also tittered one to smile sensitively, in heart one warm, did not feel anxiously.
George takes two people suitcase, waits for the train stop, leads the way for He in front sensitively.
As George said that gets out, He sees a couple sensitively, distant is beckoning to her, runs over to her. The also sudden eye socket was sensitively red, rushes, brings together with them.
“What's wrong, the treasure, how you cried, is the school is not good? The school is not good, we did not go to the school to study.” Grainier and his wife are hugging the daughter, is happy, is anxious. Closely grasps He sensitively, loosens sizes up carefully, grasps, loosens.
“No, the school is very good, I thought you.” He keen sobbed was saying.
Is listening to He's sensitive words, Grainier and his wife feel relieved.
“Mr. Grainier, Madame Grainier, don't worry, He extremely thought of you sensitively, she started on the vehicle excitedly. Moreover, she in the school is a top student, by the welcome of schoolmates, you were looked very much she was fat a point.” George said.
“, I have a look, my treasure probably really fat a point, it seems like has not suffered hardships in the school.” Madame Grainier grabs He to touch and racket sensitively, then drew the conclusion.
“I did not disturb the joyful reunion time of your family member, sees again!” George is not willing to disturb the reunion of the sensitive family member, not exchanged greetings, put down the sensitive baggage to turn around to leave.
“Really is a handsome polite good young fellow.” Mr. Grainier said, George's manner makes him appreciate, for a while even has the idea of becoming friends with, but he depressed oneself idea, the one who now is most important is his treasure daughter.
George takes the suitcase to move toward the blonde who a stature selects high, “long time no see, Anna!”
“Young master, I hope you like your schoolmate!” Anna referred to one finger/refers of not far away He sensitive one of the holding in each other.
Looked at Anna's great mind/bosom, George put down own baggage, went forward one step, made an effort to grasp her, “long time no see, Anna!”
Anna closely is hugging George, is touching his head, said in a soft voice, “welcome to go home, my young master!”
In the fireplace is burning the flaming flame, by the fireplace is two attractive Christmas trees, on the wall the orange magic lamp, according to the living room is especially warm.
The Christmas dinners of three people are not lively, is very warm.
George goes home, his grandmother, Jessica Solos, the hot fruit will send to carry the table with the pudding. Afterward also has good cruller matching to fry the good salmon, the main course is roasts mashed potatoes matching to roast cooks the goose.
On the train George endures the belly not to eat the thing, goes home George to open wide the belly, his appetite originally big, this time deliberately must eat, is seems astonishing.
But George lost to the grandmother and Anna, they prepare fully food that each same George likes, how lets George diligently, has not possibly eaten to eat all one's food them to prepare the sufficient food. They eat not many, so long as if looks at George to eat to the heart's content, they with together were also full.
After the dinner, by the fireplace sofa, George's grandmother Madame Solos said, “said that our George turned in the friend finally.”
“Is a lovable little miss.” Anna smiles, with handling gently is covering mouth to say.
“Grandmother, I am only 11 years old.” George resigned-looking sitting in Madame Solos on opposite sofa, is accepting the grandmother and Anna “interrogation”.
“Who can see you are 11 years old!” Madame Solos and Anna exchanged a vision, smiled together.
“I am not worried about your studies, was not worried whether you can take care of yourself, these to you are never the issues.” Madame Solos is looking at George, stopped, “you can know that more friends, this makes me very happy.”
“In if needed, I will invite them to come home.” George is saying at a moderate pace.
“You always have the orderliness, not like a child.” The tone of Madame Solos makes one unable to listen is praised or complained.
“Also no wonder you, in family/home, only then both of us, how can also let you like other child.” Madame Solos somewhat is suddenly disconsolate, “was good because of also had Anna afterward!” Said here, she put out a hand to sit to oneself by secure Nora.
Saw that the grandmother starts to rebuke oneself, George must try to start to discuss the official business, shifts her attention.
“I managed an organization named mutual aid association in the school, inside knew many friends, some graduating students, I to their unusual favoring.”
George said that here slow, sees the grandmother to recover, to continue saying that “I planned the student who arranges some to favor goes to the home the bookstore, simultaneously I also plan to expand the bookstore, at least lets the bookstore scale in the magic standing in line front row.”
“It seems like you really favor these students, you were previously indifferent about the bookstore.” Madame Solos sharply pointed out George's change.
“In family/home, only then you and Anna, the operation bookstore took your time, now had the new manpower, I was still hoped that you can some time, use at the happy matter.” Saying that George does not evade.
Anna looks at a face firm George, helpless shrugged to Madame Solos, “looks like our Mr. George, still tenacious must take care of us.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 29 “sorcerer 16 years old grew up.” George did not mind that Anna's teasing, emphasized an own age.

This caused Madame Solos and Anna's laughter.
Returns to the room, George takes out himself to prepare a good thick notebook from the suitcase.
Mutual aid association several months of development, received most studies the note.
After all studies to write down everyone to have, most students will have many this notes, who can not be glad, does the note that will not need trade a spending money in the mutual aid association? Even the decomposition transcribes, exchanging the mutual aid association is not the troublesome matter.
After received note too, will start the repetition, George will then write down gives Kate to reorganize. Kate all notes, revision screening, removes repeatedly, stays behind systematically, most important content.
But at this time the note in George hand, is he deletes the note that Kate summarizes reorganizes again, completely revises the note that goes to with own understanding and logical decomposition. Coming from the notes of others, is integrated into own knowledge system entirely, a note of this/Ben George leaves behind.
“If keeps the school this note, later obtains and person of learned note, perhaps can also become a black fiendish person!” Fused the notes of many outstanding student, has own supplement and amendment, the written down content, some Jeangeorges hearts are also startled.
George had reminded Anna ahead of time, oneself then have the important matter, cannot be disturbed. Afterward he also displayed the sound-insulated incantation in the room.
Then takes out a maroon small box case from the clothing of suitcase, the input password opens the later inside is a gray small box case.
“Allah Duo Songhai”, George gentle since the box case, takes one clear to think of the amber brown liquid translucently the small jar. Two -and-a-half bottles of lucky spirit medicinal preparations, this is a biggest card in hand, will be he will accumulate transforms as the basis of strength fast.
He begins school, brought the school own taking advantage, did not neglect any possible accident/surprise. Is good is safe because of the school, has not had the accident/surprise.
But this going home, except for reunites to meet with the family member, another important matter, must transform the accumulation of this period as the strength.
Fortunately, these days' accumulation went far beyond his previous expectation. What is more important, the reading magic of harvest made him have a bigger ambition and opportunity.
George puts away the box case, crawls to the bed on, in the content with reading magic fast remembering note, twists off the jar gently, pours into the mouth the less than half bottle luck spirit medicinal preparation, then seals up five feelings.
The medicament through the throat, fans into the body, integrates the blood, the invasion breath, these George could not have felt completely, after he can only feel five feelings seal up the spirit to enter sleepily knows the sea, is insensible.
When the bodies and five feelings are close, lost to the outside world, lost to the sensation of time, as if all lost the significance.
Even the spirit also loses the measurement the tool, probably next second, looked like in the past a century, the energetic resembles after seal was stranded in a box case, unceasing was compressed, until is unable to continue to compress, exploded loudly.
Like fire seed, fell into the wok with cooking oil, blasts out instantaneously, ignites the infinite flame, continuously.
The flame blasts out unceasingly, from living to extinguishing, the life and death moves back and forth, the unceasing Samara, lives in the flame that extinguishes as if to hide the mysterious demon article unceasingly, mysterious rune/symbol writing, the spell, appears in the flame, such as the meteor flashes through, immediately vanishes.
With the unceasing spread of flame, expands to the time end.
The tightened string is unable to march forward again, at this time was stretched to the pinnacle string starts to contract violently, the flame retreats like the tide, returns unceasingly wells up.
Rune/symbol writing, the spell was returned to the flame that wells up to come to embezzle, with the contraction of sea of fire, the flame surges upward, lives to extinguish the unceasing rune/symbol Were spell to be embezzled, only needs the next group of giant flame.
In the flame appears vaguely clear rune/symbol writing,
Actually no longer lives to extinguish, but had the life general. Until the last group of giant flame also vanish do not see, is hidden in knowing the sea, all return to the zero point, falls into the infinite darkness.
After Christmas, returned everyone of school as if to have differently, kept the schoolmates of school also to have continually differently.
George regarding goes back to the school again, seems very relaxed, under a clothing/taking less than half bottle luck spirit medicinal preparation, making him somewhat be once worried that can have the side effect. The huge harvest that but achieves also makes him rather undertake the possible side effect.
Increased the dosage under clothing/taking, brought effect also just like astonishment it is expected that.
He has told Kate, the potential of reading magic, not only limits in the reading ordinary books, hopes that Kate can continue to unearth the reading magic the potential. But he not wants to pin on Kate completely, this going home, except for the note of absorption from higher grades, the upgrade of reading magic is also his most important,
Because of this, he will not hesitate under a qualification clothing/taking the less than half bottle luck spirit medicinal preparation, but after Christmas Eve evening's harvest, he succeeded.
The reading magic were still no longer disturbed in the memory charm books even, this helped him obtain the astonishing reading strength and memory, he has prepared the method of utilizing these abilities.
He keen was livelier, the experience of going home as if made her state of mind have the change.
Harry's change, who can look, he no longer cared who is Nicole Lever, he night was always awakened by the nightmare, night often throws over the invisible clothes to loaf in the campus.
Owen is also on nettles for Harry's change, “Dumbledore said right, the magic mirror can make Harry fall insanely.”
Regarding Harry's condition, everyone cannot help, he lost the family since childhood, obtained the illusion in the magic mirror. He needs to overcome, goes to the balanced reality and illusion. Everyone also can only have the confidence to him, can only encourage him carefully.
Is good is not long because of this time, with beginning school, with schoolwork conducts, even with March's provocation, Shape's castigation. Harry has no way peaceful staying in oneself illusion, he walked, or was caught up.
He is tied up, except for dealing with arduous schoolwork, what is more important was the GUI wonderful competition starts.
Several years later, achieved a hard-won success, Wood became severer. He does not permit the team hard-won victory, sneaks off from his hand again, he compared with previously trained crazily, even the heavy snow the continuous rain, cannot reduce the enthusiasm that he trains from now on.
Wood became a thorough training to be crazy, even Brother Wesley complained of hardship unable to withstand, only had Halley on the side of Wood. Christmas the vacation made Harry change, he always had the nightmare, but the training can make him go off exhausted in low spirits, did not wake up in the night.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 30 Harry like Wood positive participates in the training, wanted to win next the victory of key competition, after next defeated Hatch Patch Competition, the standard sweet orchid smell many can seven years later, once again defeated Skye Bring in the school cup.

Harry thinks that their winning percentage to Hatch Patch is very big, until everyone heard referee who Shape will hold the post of the competition.
“Do not attend the competition.” He keen because of the previous time matter, worried that Harry encounters the danger.
“Said that you got sick.” Owen also approves of the sensitive idea, and put forward the way.
“Pretends that broke the leg.” The sensitive sincere suggestion said, compares to lose the life, does not participate in good of competition.
“Really breaks the leg.” Owen also thought that rather breaks the leg, Harry should not attend the competition.
“OK, do not frighten Harry, when Shape the referee is also good, at least he has no way to attempt to pervert in the arena.” George is seeing He keen and Owen more says is odder, gave Harry a view of comfort.
“Right, I cannot escape.” Harry said, “I am in the team the only looking player, I cannot withdraw midway, that will make the team have no way to participate.”
“Too should not be worried, I closely visit you in the field, if you fall, I will definitely add on the float incantation to you.” A George face earnest pledged to Harry.
“Oh, your is not the comfort.” George's commitment made Harry more intense.
Falling that here, Nervy staggers along lounge, his two legs were mounted by the charm in the same place, some people displayed to him locked the leg spell, he was jumps to go upstairs like the rabbit difficultly.
He is very sensitively indignant, immediately rushes, relieved the incantation to Nervy, Nervy stands up, but also shivers in the whole body.
“What's the matter.” He keen gets Nervy, with everyone sits together.
“March.” Nervy is saying with the sound of shivering. “I met March outside the library, he practices the spell with me.”
“Told Maine to teach.” He keen said to Nervy.
“I do not want to annoy to trouble.” Nervy is shaking the head, is whispering low voice.
“You must brave facing him.” Owen is encouraging Nervy, “March is arrogant, we cannot submit, cannot make him work.”
“March said that I do not match to stay in the Georgian sweet orchid smell am many, I know that my courage is too small.” Nervy starts to sob.
Harry pulls out a chocolate from the long gown pocket, this is his He keens before Christmas, gave his final one, Harry gave Nervy the chocolate. “Your March is brave, person who the branch hat chose had the courage entered Gland to be many, but March, can only go to youthful Skye Bring.”
Nervy disassembles the chocolate, squeezed a reluctant smile.
“Harry, thank you, I first rested, the card do you need? You remain.” Nervy leaves behind the chocolate remaining cards, then walks toward the dormitory.
Harry attracted a cold air/I, is staring on the card Dumbledore's head picture, then looks up to everyone.
“I thought that I said early I have listened to Nicole Lever, I remembered where has listened, I heard on the train of school. The Dumbledore most important contribution, including beating black sorcerer Green Warder, dragon blood 12 usages, finally is the partner, the Nicole Lever's outstanding contribution in alchemy.”
“Nicole Lever is Dumbledore's partner.” He repeated these words sensitively, then looks to George, “then you should say that who Nicole Lever was?”
“If you also want to know.” George reached an agreement before after Christmas, told everyone's information about the Nicole Lever, after the vacation, everyone no longer had actually cared that Nicole Lever, but now Harry thinks.
“You first let alone!” He keen Turn jumped, charges into the female student dormitory fast, everyone bewildered exchange vision, is seeing He keen to rush.
She at this time,
Is embracing a thick secondhand book. “I had known, did not need you to say.” He sensitive excited is saying in a low voice, “this is I one month ago borrows the pastime reading material that in the library.”
Looks that He keen had discovered the Nicole Lever's information, George does not break the sensitive excitement, waits for her to look.
He sensitive change page fast, the finger skids in the handwriting one after another, “found, Nicole Lever, the only maker of well-known philosopher's stone.”
“Philosopher's stone? What is that?” Harry and Owen have not listened to the philosopher's stone.
“Don't you usually such famous thing know?” He keen Jiangshu pushes to Harry and Owen, is pointing at one line of characters, “the astonishing divine creative force of ancient alchemy, the philosopher's stone can turn into the gold the metal, can make to make the person eternal life not die, not dead medicine.”
“Historically has had many records to the philosopher's stone, a philosopher's stone that now only saves is great gold metallurgy master Nicole Lever, he last year, celebrated his 665 Th birthday with his wife Part Neill, they live in seclusion in Devon presently.”
“Then clear?” He keen Maize said that big dog path prestige of four buildings, for Dumbledore is guarding is the philosopher's stone! Should be Dumbledore takes care for Lever, Dumbledore knows that some people are hitting the philosopher's stone the idea. Shifted Works from the ancient spirit pavilion the philosopher's stone. “
“Can change the gold, but can also live forever.” Harry said, “everybody resembles will obtain it, Shape wants to have its idea is not extraordinary.”
“I also somewhat want the philosopher's stone, naturally is best is its refinement process and method.” George touches the chin, if there is an opportunity, the philosopher's stone is also he think. However, what he wants refines the method, had the refinement method, he has the confidence to make a stronger philosopher's stone.
“Hahn, I also want.” Is listening to Harry and George's view, He also had some ideas to the philosopher's stone sensitively.
“Can make the gold.” Owen starts after the mutual aid association works, without is so embarrassed, but said that can make the golden the philosopher's stone, one also moved.
Until next morning, everyone is still keeping doing for the matter of philosopher's stone.
He planned sensitively constructs one and Works is equally big, even bigger library, under condition that in her economic situation can support.
Owen said that if he can get so far as the philosopher's stone, must buy an only own GUI wonderful team.
Harry has not thought temporarily buys anything, his elixir to the philosopher's stone is quite interested, although he could not have used, but he as if had some fears to the death.
George discovered that he has been able to realize He keen and Owen's dream, Harry's dream is not too difficult, what the philosopher's stone he is interested creates this miracle back principle.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 31

Very early in the morning, Harry got down the decision, he decides to attend the competition. Does not hope that Shape and Skye Bring's plot works, he cannot a person throw down oneself all teammates to escape.
George leads He keen and Owen gives Harry to refuel, guaranteed over and over, if Harry falls from the broom, certainly adds on a float incantation to him.
This view made Harry more intense, but also had some bottoms at heart, George's strong strength made him feel relieved very much. Has He keen and Owen's supplement, but previous also depended upon the word to work loose the wicked incantation spirit, he started to think that worst matter will not happen.
His teammate also seems somewhat tense, has lost to the Skye Bring seven years continuously, thinks immediately must break this nightmare, defeats the opponent, the teammates are excited. Wood only needs to raise this, everyone on the popular feeling running high, the struggle is full.
Everyone is not worried about Hatch Patch, the only worry only then meets Shape who the bias assigns. This makes Harry also somewhat rebuke oneself, Shape hated him, seemed him to snatch Shape's girlfriend. Shape is not willing to let off the suppression of any opportunity, insulted him,
He even suspected that Shape has tracked him in the campus, because he where, no matter arrives, can always see that Shape braves suddenly, taunted to his one, then deducted standard sweet orchid smell many school grades on him, arrogant getting out of the way, waited to hold to shame his opportunity next time.
Once a week demon medicine class had turned into a Harry's nightmare, he guessed that perhaps Shape discovered oneself is investigating him, Harry even feelings, Shape's vision can completely understand that his thoughts, this makes him even more repugnant, even more frightened Shape.
Afternoon time, Owen and He come to the changing room to cheer to Harry sensitively, look at an appearance of their face worry, Harry even had the idea that gives up competing at once, but looks at teammate, Harry only hopes like George said that “Shape as the words of referee, had no way to begin directly.”
He wears the uniform, with own light wheel 2000, the disturbed waiting the competition is starting, has no interest in care about Wood's pregame encouragement.
Meanwhile, Owen and He arrived on the stand sensitively standard sweet orchid smell many square formations, Nervy, Dean and also gave Harry to cheer, but also takes previous time with the banner that the bed sheet made. “Baud must win” under inscription, is drawing the lion of huge symbolic standard sweet orchid smell mufti- school.
He puts out the magic wand sensitively, light 0.1, added on the color light effect on the banner, then and Owen added on the eagle-eyed technique to oneself.
Owen the first time is watched the GUI wonderful competition with the eagle-eyed technique, he stared in a big way the eye, toward looked around everywhere, “oh, this spell was good, looked may be clearer than the binoculars,”
George started to teach everyone eagle-eyed technique couple days ago, only then He keen Henkuai grasped this spell, now has been able to discharge with ease, Harry has too many hot irons in the fire under the arduous training, enough time has not grasped this spell, but in arena, does not have the means to display this spell.
Owen as if too does not adapt to this spell, his time Bhaji were many much, but has not learned. Sees this spell in the arena the wonderful effect, he decides. Goes back to increase the practice time, will soon grasp this spell, this was not worried, could not see clearly the competition.
“Do not patronize is watching the competition, do not forget us does.” Some He sensitive vitality/angry said, Owen glances right and left, a startled for the first time appearance makes her feel very unreliable, today they may undertake the heavy responsibility of rescuing Harry.
“OK, I know that we are protected Harry, does not make Shape harm Harry.” Owen's low voice saying.
“Do not patronize Shape, George was saying, previous time incantation also has others.” He also followed to lower the sound sensitively, sized up everywhere, “I have seen George, he in the opposite, he greets to me.”
“Since prepared, deferred to plan to handle affairs. George will be staring at Harry, once Harry falling down broom, he will crash in the arena, saves Harry.” He is saying sensitively seriously, stared at Owen one eyes ruthlessly, “you are staring at Shape, I guard against others.”
Under eagle-eyed technique in addition holds, Owen's vision is above the imagination, He stares sensitively sharp-eyed scary, his hurrying little darling acts accordingly, returned to normal the mood, “my mother, the vision is good also to be scary.”
Owen stares at Shape stubbornly, in the hand closely is grabbing the magic wand, once Shape begins, he displays to lock the leg incantation toward Shape immediately, making him tumble, has no way to sneak attack Harry.
“Professor Dumbledore, good, Harry an entire.” Owen called suddenly, he saw Dumbledore also to watch this competition.
“Really is Professor Dumbledore, then Harry an entire, Shape may not have the means to be in front of Dumbledore to harm Harry.” He looks sensitively Dumbledore really came, felt at ease, but the discrete custom made her unable to bear supplement “must be careful, was forearmed.”
“Looks at Shape that gloomy complexion, he also knows oneself did not have the opportunity to harm Harry.” Owen thinks otherwise, does not believe that Shape can hide the truth from Dumbledore, starts to watch the ball game with single-hearted devotion.
Suddenly some people knocked his back of the head, is damn March.
“Yo, this is not Wesley, you fell and other Harry, then sends him to the hospital?” March leads his two personal servants, expression that a face under punches.
Owen and He keen Zhuanxin are gazing at the field, had no free time to respond March, Shape has been starting to help Hatch Patch, he gave just a Hatch Patch penalty kick.
Harry looks like an eagle at this time, circles sky over the field, is searching for the form of golden cat burglar.
“How long this baud can treat in his flying broom, can bet? Wesley.” March continues to shout loudly.
Perhaps March is Shape sends to disturb their, Owen and He thinks of here sensitively, does not plan to pay attention to March.
Shape's bias has not covered up, he unfounded sentencing to a Hatch Patch Team penalty kick.
“Gland chooses the standard of player is to look at whom is more pitiful, without the father does not have mother's baud, poor devil Brother Wesley, such Seville Long bottom should also join, you are just disorderly.” March sees Owen and He keeps silent sensitively, shifted to Nervy the spearhead.
“I compared with you, March.” Nervy reddens all over the face, was saying to March stutter.
March and his two personal servant strange sounds shouted, “Long bottom's mind, Wesley family's gold coin are few, this is the issue is.”
Owen does not dare to make the eye leave the arena, therefore encourages Nervy, “Nervy, gives him to select tastes fiercely.”


Chapter 32 “Owen, looks quickly!” He shouts sensitively suddenly.

“What's wrong? In there?” Owen looks immediately to Harry.
Sees only the Harry sudden fast dive, arouses one of the audience to call out in alarm, Harry benefits the arrow like one shoots towards ground. Owen first responded, Halifax present golden cat burglar.
“You are really in luck, money that the baud discovers the ground, to really quick.” March not look yes what's the matter, but is continuing taunting.
Owen flees to him on suddenly, does not wait for March to respond, falling down, is brandishing the fist to his face. Nervy gawked, flushed came up the help.
“Again hurry up, again hurry up.” He keen knows nothing about matter, her eye stares at bit by bit Harry stubbornly, is pinching the fist tightly, stamps the small feet to talk over.
Harry dived fast, passed through others, passed through Shape, he like a lightning, suddenly lightning static.
He lifts the arm, the golden cat burglar closely is pinched by him in the hand.
People start to cheer, start to burst with joy, this will be a brand-new competition record, has not compared this again quickly held the competition of golden cat burglar, crossed merely for five minutes to the conclusion from the beginning.
“Owen, looked quickly, Harry won, we won, the competition ended.” He keen Gashing is screaming, flings about on the chair, excited.
George is standing the highest row at this time on opposite Latin Crowd stand, side is the sixth grade study elder sister, is the important core of mutual aid association, Kate Inlet.
“Did you change to the silent incantation the eagle-eyed technique?” Kate has not seen George to chant incantations, actually discovered that he can also see clearly the competition in the highest one row, in addition held the symbol of eagle-eyed technique.
“Such easy-to-use magic, needs certainly to change to the silent incantation it.” George had not denied, a face is indifferent.
“Because easy-to-use, is more difficult to change. An extremely Jane’s spell, was the abatement all trunk and branches, but can also maintain the stability of spell to become effective. In this situation continues to simplify, the difficulty is much bigger.” Kate eyes stare in a big way, full is surprised, “you first grade, you are really a monster.”
“After all is the spell that I develop, simplification time will be easier, you're reading magic similarly is also the silent incantation.” George did not think that has what inconceivable, he impossible or the standard of lower grade requests himself with the first grade, this is unfair to others, is unfair to oneself.
“Also right, although my reading magic is the fourth grade creates, spent for a year to become the silent incantation, but I may not have you be so studious.” Kate pondered the moment, thinks that she in that big pile of notes that the mutual aid association reorganizes, said slowly.
“You're reading magic is also the silent incantation, has simplified the pinnacle, reorganized so many notes, to continue to proceed one step, develops to remember that the spell of demon article is not the difficult matter.” George has grasped has been able to remember the demon article spell, the magic of but through the shortcut grasping also being hard professor gives others for a while.
He attempts only through the direction, making Kate develop and out the spell of step, this is the most suitable her spell.
“Before did not have this idea, but sees your such talent now, I cannot continue to idle. Spent so many times, reorganized so many notes, I have the harvest.” Kate hesitated the moment, refusing to admit being inferior said.
Must really haggle over, the pass student can only obtain some loans in the mutual aid association ahead of time, although can help them not be affected to study the progress by money, but also that is all.
As the sponsor of mutual aid association, maximum gain naturally is George, but another person is Kate. The reading magic value that because she contributes is inestimable, George also exchange of gifts between friends, lets the note that Kate reorganizes receives, since saves the time, returns Kate.
Different from Harry, He keen and the others, they just the first grade, grasped elementary knowledge were too few, even if there is a note of higher grades still only to treat as the dictionary,
Reference book. But Kate is the top student of sixth grade, the curriculum has grasped completely, is only because of individual special details, will have some imbalances in the schoolwork. This time Kate spends lots of time, reorganized the note of entire grade. The note of different subject top student, different thinking patterns, different study angles, even study attainment, spell skill.
Regarding having the astonishing reading strength, reading magic auxiliary top student Kate, these notes make her be reborn truly, achieve mastery through a comprehensive study.
“Talent? Monster?” Regarding Kate's praise, George thinks otherwise, must really say, after he acknowledged oneself were born, has not been loaf, but does not think oneself have become the talent.
In the final analysis, he oneself superior opening, the snowball of advantage constantly accumulates.
But this fearful advantage will constantly accumulate with the time, gets bigger and bigger, finally turns into the disparate disparity that is unable to span, but this is also causes the black fiendish person and fundamental difference of ordinary sorcerer power gap.
Barely escapes death, George to the intelligence quotient, talent such view snorts contemptuously early. Does not propose the previous generation already the 10,000 hours of theory of proving, the study of 10,000 hours in study area, enough makes one the world-class powerhouse.
Around he has the different contrasts of second, the personal experience, where also hoodwinks by the talent and aptitude dense fog.
The previous generation he accomplishes nothing, but will not put the blame on, therefore the intelligence quotient is insufficient, the natural talent is insufficient. Insists to put the blame on, he will also only acknowledge, is because are unable to control itself, is unable from studying the neutralize effort feels satisfies, feels pleased.
Since fostered the evil intention of being distracted in childhood, the study and cannot bring to him diligently suddenly feeds back directly, but the family always brings the negative impact on him. He must restrain itself under the negative mood frequently, these restraints and consumed to empty his entire energy diligently, the suck dry his complete energy to the life.
Like called back the soul of the deceased takes possession strangely, is living purely, the person has exhausted the mental effort, such person, how possibly achieves the achievement.
The world is unfair, most people are living purely, needs to exhaust own strength. Needs to consume to empty own enthusiasm, can live an average person, rather than falls into the lowest level.
The people were born had differently, different does not lie in the natural talent, does not lie in the intelligence, but lies in the living environment, the survival pattern plate.
When Harry begins school is an emaciated Suzuki bean Ding, but his parents is not in fact short, after having nutrition meal, he is also fast the growth becomes vigorous and healthy, braved.
Like Harry's height, satirized Harry no one to want like March, these were not his mistake.
This is only his living environment, his survival pattern plate, he because of being born, but has to the lodging uncle family/home, cannot eat to the full to be emaciated, his parents double perish, therefore was ridiculed by March, these are not the things that he can choose, but he actually must undertake the evil intention of the world for this reason.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 33 world will never be fair, the growth of person, the talent of person, needs to experience and nutrition irrigates.

Harry until arriving at Works, had jumped out of the living environment, the possibility of replacement survival pattern plate.
When he has not chosen, can only lodge, in uncle family/home, he will not therefore be able to eat to the full, after growing up, is only an emaciated diminutive Suzuki bean Ding, he because of oneself height by the schoolmate, will also be ridiculed by the girls.
He receives the evil intention from uncle family/home frequently, these malicious shapes will call back the soul of the deceased strangely, absorbs Harry all positive/direct strengths he to accomplish nothing for a lifetime, or, these evil intentions constantly stimulate his negative strength, he becomes looks like his uncle finally, his cousin is the same.
Finally, only then very small probability he can the reserved good intentions in the crevice, loves the life, but in his heart will have a bumpy battlefield forever, frigid wound that is unable to erase.
George does not believe the talent, does not think oneself will lose to the talent, the experience of second makes him believe that many things are predestined friends by.
Even temporarily is unable to understand, even knows, is stabilized, but the matter is predestined friends by. The storm of butterfly effect, in also needs the butterfly to stir up its wing from the beginning, moreover this storm will not appear under the wing of butterfly absolutely directly.
Therefore, he believes, the advantage can constantly accumulate, such as the initial small snowball, on the long runway, can roll the big steamroll finally unceasingly all the crowds of impediment. But in this process, snowball from the beginning, the middle runway, the entire process, is essential.
Once lacked any environment, will not have finally that steamroll all snowballs.
But just like he also thinks, does, he does not need to turn into the talent, does not need Harry, Owen, He keen has the luck that is doomed to win like the story.
He only needs himself to be able unceasing tumbles out the superior the snowball, so long as the entire process does not interrupt thoroughly, ultimately this will form the so-called situation, so-called being destined.
George are not only accumulating this superior the snowball, he is still helping Harry, Owen, He is sensitive, even Kate also accumulates this superior the snowball. If possible, he even hopes that can help more people accumulate the advantage the snowball.
He believes that also anticipated, when the young sorcerer of new generation, accumulates the giant superior snowball, erupts the strength that is inconceivable, what at that time was a Lord Voldemort considered as?
The today's GUI wonderful competition, to be above the speed of imagination to end, Harry created one to hold the record of golden cat burglar most quickly. George planned that congratulates Harry, but obviously, Harry was being surrounded by his teammate, was put up by them to the shoulder on, throws to in the air.
George moved toward Owen and He is sensitive, they are the standard sweet orchid smell are also many, is today's victor.
Owen is also dripping the nosebleed, but is much happier, he was too happy, he anticipated today is really long. He is saying toward George loudly, “I punched March ruthlessly, I found this opportunity to look was very long, his eye was collected leaves and grass by me.”
Owen was saying laughed, they and March on class majority is Shape is teaching together, Shape very eccentric, hates Harry. Therefore, every so often, is March provokes to ridicule them frankly and uprightly, they are very difficult to counter-attack, today seizes the opportunity, punched March ruthlessly, compared with winning the competition also made him happy.
“Nervy still in the stupor, he coped with Club and Gore, but Madame Pang Frey said that she can make Nervy good quickly.”
Nervy today's makes everyone hold in high esteem bravely, he charged into Club and Gore, tied down them stubbornly, letting Owen can punch March ruthlessly.
A day that “is really worth celebrating, Harry won the competition, in Owen another project defeated March. Nervy is also impressive.” George always does not stint in the friend was happy that the time delivers the praise.
“Right, today really this/should celebrate well, we first go to the lounge to prepare, when Harry comes out, called him, we started to celebrate.” Owen thought that so truly must commemorate wonderfully, next time will be finding to punch March's opportunity, does not know when can be.
Harry seemed like something to delay, everyone waited to be very long in the common room, has not been seeing Harry. Owen and He somewhat is worried about him sensitively, drew in George to have the lounge to look for him.
Is good because has not had what accident/surprise, they saw Harry quickly.
“Which did you go? Harry!” He sensitive some were not happy, the sound is somewhat incisive.
“Do not mind, He was worried about you sensitively, put with ease, today is a day that was worth celebrating.” Owen goes forward the numerous rackets on Harry shoulder.
“OK, first went back to eat meal, is very late.” All is well is good, George also mediates.
“I discovered something!” Harry lowered the sound saying that “we first found a place, I told you matter of discovery!”
Looks at Harry to be mystical, everyone somewhat is also curious for a while, wants to know that Harry's discovery, nearby looked for a vacant room.
Looks at Harry cautious closing the door, George coordinates displayed a sound-insulated incantation.
“I after the competition, on the road that must go back, seeing Shape to run stealthily toward the forest, I am curious for a while, followed him.” Harry said himself to delay the reason of time.
“You run away unexpectedly the forest, do you know there dangerously?” The sensitive squawk called out, “how many in arena did we make to prepare to dare to deal with Shape directly? Does your person dare to track Shape unexpectedly quietly?”
“I must say, Harry, you were too risky. In the school, had/left the accident/surprise, so long as insists a meeting, will have the professor to support. But in forest, coming out accident/surprise, even Dumbledore could not save you.” George is also the unusual heart startled, although Harry has come back safely, but did not fear that 10,000 fear the eventuality.
In forest place, in the event of accidental/surprised, can only send the hope so-called lead luck by Harry's strength, as for this thing reliable, he is really does not dare to attempt, does not dare to rely on.
“I think that I punch March today ruthlessly, is very bold.” Owen will not support Harry at this matter, Harry's boldness makes him somewhat surprised.
Is listening to surprised and opposition of people, Harry discovered at this time oneself handled anything. In arena time, he also fears. After the competition, unknowingly, he pursued Shape to go to the forest unexpectedly, thought of here, he was also a lingering fear.
“I am sorry, I was almost bewitched, rides on the broom, making me feel special, I was extremely self-confident.” Harry thinks of these, immediately apologizes to everyone.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 34 “OK, will fly to must the time next time more discrete, the flight broom cannot make you evade the wise sorcerer!” Since Harry has apologized, George does not hope that everyone continued to be angry at the matter.

Harry continues to guarantee, will not have such situation, He also forgave him sensitively.
Harry starts to tell the later matter. “I followed Shape to arrive at the forest, I hid on a high Pine, having a look at Shape wants to make anything.”
“Shape and Cello are meeting in private, Cello fears him very much, sound stutter.” Harry said that how while considered describing then scene. “Shape inquired to Cello that monster how to cope with, Cello had not replied, later he threatened Cello, said that did not fear Cello's secret small trick, wants Cello to choose to whom gives loyalty, later will also discuss again one time.”
“In other words, our beforehand guesses is right? What big dog path prestige guards is the philosopher's stone, but Shape wants to steal the philosopher's stone, he also threatens Cello to help him. Wants from wonderful Lookout to know how to cope with path prestige, he mentioned Cello's small trick.” He is analyzing account sensitively orderly.
“, Guarding besides road prestige, other mechanisms/organizations. Also, right, not only this is reasonable, guards the philosopher's stone has path prestige, big pile of magics, has Cello's incantation, Shape wins over to threaten Chino.” He keen also put forward the reasonable deduction.
“In other words, only if Chino can resist Shape, otherwise philosopher's stone on danger?” Duo Wei is somewhat startled.
“You neglected an important information, the choice gave loyalty, Shape and Cello are fearing a more fearful person, they are serving for a mysterious person.” George pointed out an important information that Harry they neglect.
“Mysterious person!” Owen hears these words and expressions, immediately screamed, since many years, the mysterious person has become the code name of that person.
Heard the information of mysterious person, Harry's heart also tightened, in the room related him and mysterious person in no one is closer.
“Mysterious person had died, perhaps is other anyone.” The Min's world from average person, to mysterious person not natural fear.
“This person strength is very big, can daunt Shape and Cello, in any case will not be Dumbledore.” George first tried to rule out a possibility.
“Is Lucius? He definitely will have the relation with Shape.” Owen eyes one bright, suddenly thought of anything, “Lucius is the trusted aide of mysterious person, after the mysterious person disappears, his influence is huge.”
“Moreover Lucius is March's father, their fathers and sons are equally repugnant, must do what misdemeanor, having what plot is not strange.” Owen more said is more excited, almost concluded that the back mysterious person is Lucius, but his sound was also immediately small, “after mysterious person disappears, many people will pass on a message he also to come back, his partisan like Lucius is also enlivening.”
Speaking of finally, Owen's voice has lowered inaudible.
“Very good inference, it seems like, said like, the person and matter that this risk involved were dangerous. Nicole Lever is the great alchemy master, his philosopher's stone is a heavy treasure. But such powerful person, needs to entrust own treasure to Dumbledore takes care, but also hid in Works.” George, the eye is taking a fast look around the people at this point.
“Treasure also needs three dogs to safeguard, needs to set up the next pile of mechanisms/organizations, one pile of spells, resists a fearful enemy.” He supplements sensitively.
“We discovered Shape of possible and mysterious person trusted aide Lucius involves, threatens Cello him to help obtain the philosopher's stone.” Harry is saying slowly, summarizes details.
“You!” Owen held breath a cold air/I, went forward firmly to hold Harry's clothes, then said with the sound of shivering, “the function of philosopher's stone was to make the gold and elixir, the mysterious person possibly did not come Works to take risk for the gold.”
“ After mysterious person disappears,
His some partisans also in active, they are helping the mysterious person seek philosopher's stone that can make the elixir. “ George is no longer evasive, said the final deduction directly. “The partisan of mysterious person attempts through the elixir, making the mysterious person return.” Harry is pinching the fist tightly, the complexion was pallid, said own conclusion.
Since everyone is listening to these date and time, a fearful fact that the clue of discovery, composes quietly finally, feared for a while.
They are too young, just the first grade, actually faced entire magic suddenly most powerful, most fearful, the worst enemy Lord Voldemort. They follow the string, actually does not draw out a food person python carefully, this accident/surprise made the Harry three people tarry.
“OK, be not daunted, we are only the students of first grade, in the school also has the professor, the matter of mysterious person is not one's turn us to process immediately.” Everyone reached a fearful conclusion from the clue of investigation, this is very great victory, but George does not hope, everyone was daunted by this conclusion.
“Right, I make a bet, Dumbledore had known, therefore he made the completely safe preparation, not only there are three dog path prestige. Also arrange/cloth next pile of traps and spells.” He also starts to seek for the optimistic factor sensitively.
“Although Shape has been trying to steal the philosopher's stone.” Owen whispered low voice.
“How many were this I time says? You should strengthen your strength.” George starts to play the same old tune.
Is listening to this saying, everyone also smiled, the spell that at least the process of study spell, grasps unceasingly can make them feel at ease, can take to them the confidence.
March was angry recently, damn Owen, the bastards of that Wesley family/home dares to hit him unexpectedly, even/including his father Lucius has not hit him. Club and Gore these two fools could not have helped, they tied down by Nervy that waste unexpectedly, remember Owen to fall the fist on his face, his corner of the eye pains now.
“This matter does not calculate, I must expel the school the bastards of Wesley family/home. Harry Potter.” Thinks of Harry Potter, March is also confused, if heaven pities me, he to a Harry really good intention.
“How can Harry reject me? How does Harry dare to reject me? Obviously I am Harry's true friend, I from just record time knew Harry Potter.” March indignant disturbed.
How can Draco's successor not know Harry? How can not take seriously Harry? March just recorded events time, his memory cannot withdraw the entanglement with Harry Potter. His father Lucius mentioned Harry each time is the sentiment is also complex.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


The Chapter 35 March's sentiment to Harry is complex, a Harry birth changed the destinies of many, his father's destiny, his destiny. He was just sensible hears this name unceasingly, he was brought with Drift since childhood.

His all efforts cannot compare Harry Potter this name, but the March not envious hatred, he was anticipating very much long time ago sees that being survived boy, he knows, he and Harry will become the best friend.
March conceived the future for Harry early, Harry should join Skye Bring with him. They should help each other, to like brothers, they will control the school together, creates the legend together.
People are passing on a message in private, the black fiendish person was about to come back, March also believes like this, but he believes that he and Harry will defeat the black fiendish person.
“How damn baud can treat me like this, he dares to reject my friendship unexpectedly, he disappointed my good intentions, his, steps on my March Draco's face countenance unexpectedly in the under foot.” Since March and Harry's relations, broke him many years fantasies, he previously had many favorable impressions to Harry, currently has how many hatreds to Harry.
“I must expel the school damn Wesley and baud, whoever plea does not have an effect.” March thought of this, hesitated, “, only if Hurricane awakens quickly, shedding bitter tears pleaded me, I will reconsider am the friend with him.”
March has been waiting to seize an opportunity recently, expels the school Owen, at least must make sweet orchid smell many school minutes be fastened one ruthlessly. He has even tracked Harry and Owen secretly quietly, this is a difficult duty.
Since Harry and the others knew George, their strength growth fast, March discovered oneself in started with Harry's resistance at leeward.
He thought that oneself needs the helper, Club and Gore are extremely stupid, sometimes he is not willing to take them. Although Wesley is youthful, but he is more intelligent compared with Club and Gore.
He is repugnant “mud to plant”, but has to acknowledge that He keen is a smart person.
He is discouraged for oneself fighting single-handedly, Harry has with the keen and Wesley's help. But he actually can only take advantage of Club and Gore these two fools.
Today March felt an opportunity that he has waited for came.
He observes the Harry three people that not far away is whispering secretly, they have let recently mystically, always runs toward hut, this makes him highly care.
Although Harry they seem very vigilant, the speech is very low voice, but the vigilance is the issue was, he will not easily have been concealed the truth.
A finishing class ting sound, the Harry three people threw down the blade, hasty running comes, March decided following quietly behind them.
Looks at Harry sensitively, Owen, He in high spirits was taken into the hut by, mystical closing, March thought that oneself opportunity came.
He is soundless arrived at the window, finds out half head, cautious looks to inside.
His eyes see, Harry and the others are gathering round a table, on the table is a blackened big egg, the egg vibrates unceasingly, springs cracks, has probably anything to from inside clash.
Shortly, the egg split, a dragnet ran from the egg.
“They hid dragon egg, but also hatched.” March stared in a big way the eye, cannot believe.
The little fellows are flapping, is really the energetic little fellow who on the table sways. The red-orange eye, the big nose, the wing of mufti- thorn with the black dark and thin body, seems very aggressive. It sneezes, the nose can spout sparks/Mars.
“This is the dragon!” March is also out of control to stand the body, the head to the throat, wants to see clearly this little fellow.
Suddenly, March saw to jump, flushed toward him. He jumped fiercely, cannot attend to other again, turns around to go all out toward the school to run.
Until goes back to the school, sees the familiar schoolmate, he steady heartbeat, starts to review entire account.
“Hid dragon egg in the hut unexpectedly, but also hatched the dragnet.” March is thinking this astonishing fact, how starts to ponder over to make this matter be able to involve on Harry they, had better be able expel the school them.
“Raises the dragon to violate the law. In 1709 stipulated bill that forbade to raise the dragon, was proven, they will be grasped, will be expelled the school.” March thinks of here, immediately walks toward the chief office, but walked several steps, he stopped.
“When Dumbledore was backstage, went to school is dismissed the school, stayed in the school by Dumbledore, cannot look for Dumbledore.”
March thinks of here, pondered, can look for Professor Shape, he easily will certainly not let off the standard sweet orchid smell much courting disaster essences, but he hesitated quickly, “I had just been discovered, they have hidden certainly the dragnet, its was too good to hide. The place that also lives in, went definitely unable to find, this will also make a false counter charge by them.”
For a while March is indecisive, he discovered a very big secret, but how to use this secret, may result in the careful consideration.
“OK, and wait/etc., the dragon grows quickly, was quick they unable to keep, when the time comes the evidence was solid, can expel the school them.” Thinks of here, March happy, “best they bite to death by the dragon before then, the tooth of dragon is poisonous.”
“Maintains your attention, to continue to concentrate on your breath, feels your charm. Do not go to control the charm strongly, guides, realized, like your breath. Do not stop, ten times.” George crosses the step, while at a moderate pace saying.
“He!” The training ended, Owen ignores the image immediately weak on the ground, Harry holds a chair tottering, slowly sat, only then He can also maintain the basic physical strength sensitively, to continue the gentle own breath.
As a learner, He's sensitive progress, can always make professor be satisfied. A point that except that flashes through occasionally, because the student is extremely intelligent the frustration that presents.
Harry does well, more accurate point view in the black magic defense technique, Harry under the special ties with Lord Voldemort, since childhood to the release and counterattacking of black magic has the talent of far super normal person.
Compares, Owen displays averagely, but he five very outstanding elder brothers, are under the depressing environment since childhood for a long time, trained a toughness. He in three people of training, although is unable to display prominently, but also can always keep up with the progress, is not willing to become everyone's implication.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 36 because of Cello's relations, the school black magic defense technique class has become a joke, George has to spend on some energy to help Harry and the others make up for a missed lesson.

Since everyone from the investigation of philosopher's stone event, discovered a fearful plot, “the partisan of mysterious person is trying to steal the philosopher's stone, helping the mysterious person return.” No matter the Harry three people, are George, intended to strengthen the training of black magic defense technique.
“Very good performance, I believe, the black magic defense technique of first grade, you certainly are first three, perhaps is not only the first grade.” George looked at the Harry three people, very responsible encouragement said.
“Except for you!” Harry, Owen, He sensitive saying with one voice, smiled for each other tacit understanding immediately.
George also smiled low voice, student who he will lead into a first grade very much difficultly, so that will often forget this status.
“I see Professor Cello today, his complexion is getting more and more pale, the person is also getting more and more thin, the partisan of mysterious person soon beat him.” He is rotating the eyeball sensitively, said low voice.
“I cannot help going forward to encourage him, actually does not know that should say anything.” Harry bumped into Cello recently each time, to him a smile, he will not even somewhat be able to bear, wants to go forward to hug Cello, goes forward to encourage Cello.
“I make everyone do not play the joke of Professor Cello, but has not played what effect.” Owen shrugs, the complexion showed a helpless expression.
“Was good because of recently Shape is that hot tempered, the philosopher's stone should be safe.” He keen Wang to George, hoping George can some means.
“What is the best defense?” George has not responded to the sensitive worry, but asked an apparently far-fetched issue.
“Is the armor guard?” Harry has been practicing this spell recently, met one subconsciously, but he responded immediately what George asked was the defense, awkward tracing back of the head, smiling embarrasedly.
“The best defense avoids the attack?” He considered sensitively, gave a quite reasonable reply, although does not know why George asked this issue suddenly, but she knew the coordination, waited for the George final explanation.
“Is the best defense the attack?” Owen said that has seen from the knight story an attractive reply.
“You try to launch the attack toward me!” George observed the situation one next three people, finally falls the vision on Owen.
Owen grasps the magic wand, exploratory released an attack toward George, “leg stands to stop stiffly”. The spell just read, sees opposite George big hand to wield, he feels immediately dizzily, the whole person lost the weight.
“Bang” he until falls layer on layer/heavily on the ground, “giving a tongue-lashing” long inspires, unconscious rolled two on the ground, under the alleviation the pain.
“Then also believes, the best defense is the attack?” The sound that George broadcasts at this time makes some Owen teeth itchy.
“This may be really attractive, this may be really sore.” He keen see George has not been chanting incantations, but wields the magic wand gently, Owen flew in the air, envies. Afterward Owen falls layer on layer/heavily on the ground, the following eyelid jumps madly.
“Pitiful Owen, but an't I clear?” Harry is seeing Owen's special amenities, knows that George thinks Owen's reply is much more wrong. But he does not have the good answer, to avoid Owen continues to subject to a penalty, immediately cannot display the good custom of asking.
“Owen that knight story-telling script same answer is much more wrong, I cannot count on that present you can understand the correct answer, but I will make you remember, what result a standard odd wrong answer will create.”
“Owen do you also want to insist your answer?” George is staring at Owen, tone somewhat serious asking.
He keen and Harry are looking at Owen anxiously, in the eye is the suggestion that to let Owen admits mistakes immediately. George is usually temperate, but the training and fight time, display the crazy demon actually likely. Severe and harsh, easily will never let off their mistakes.
Owen had sat at this time, looks at the George severe vision, serious tone. Is flustered, but after these days training, he knows that needs to keep calm, “I am not silly, I definitely cannot be victorious you, I surrender, I admit defeat.” Owen is raising both hands, very happy admitted defeat.
“Now the performance made me surprised!” George looks at Owen so happy admitting defeat, is somewhat surprised. Also, does not coordinate for him, cannot continue to act the material for negative education, but is somewhat helpless. It seems like related with them too well, is hard to arouse their anger.
Listens to George to become the praise by the criticism, He keen and Harry felt oneself as if held anything, they looked at to cope mutually, exchanged a view.
“Does the best defense admit defeat?” Reply that Harry probes.
Is listening to Harry's reply, He keen and Owen also at present one bright. Compares their beforehand replies, this answer is special, even is strange, but thinks is very reasonable carefully. If not hit excellently, the best defense is not admits defeat!
“George, you are the plan tell us, facing the extremely powerful opponent, needs to admit defeat?” He has transferred the mentality sensitively quickly, thinks just George to the disaffection that Owen replied, as well as Owen admitted defeat the later praise.
“You made me surprised once again, was only poor. You obtained a very good answer, but this was not I must say temporarily now.” George observes the situation the people, can obtain the truth that analyze through his prompt, this is the communication method that he likes.
Looks at the people looking pensive, the facial expression of being suddenly enlighten, George does not delay, to continue saying that “ in the world absolutely does not have the best way. Everyone is living, needs to exhaust the complete strength.
Rotates your brain, can live an average person, rather than falls into the floor. You should not discard your brains as the sorcerer, do not count on that anything has a simple and crude right key. “
George said here, aggravated the tone, “simple and crude the answer of mistake were many, like the attack that Owen replied, this can cause the worst result.”
Looks at George to speak of finally, has not actually given a right key, everyone feels for a while somewhat strangely. They have been used to attend class to have the model answer, in the family/home has the standard. But George is actually inspiring them, told them to live not to have the right key, this made their some not adapt.
“You want to know that what compared with admitting defeat a better defense is?” Looks that Harry and the others were puzzled, George felt oneself taught to seem like the drift off, therefore tried to pull back them.
The Harry three people hurry to respond, they have known that facing the powerful enemy, needs to acknowledge the reality, needs to admit defeat. Listened to George saying that also had a better way, for a while was also very curious, the brain is also transferring fast, pondered that George will say anything.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 37 “, although in the world never has the best way, does not have the most correct answer, but would some good ways, wrong will also always exist.” Although George told Harry in their world not to have the most standard answer, will not quibble, said that in the world did not have the quality.

“Facing great strange, even the stupidest sorcerer, will not put on an armor to protect oneself to charge into greatly strange. Starts your brain, hides beyond the great strange field of vision, when it has not discovered, kills it. When it has not discovered you, under trap on arrange/cloth. When it has not discovered you, solves the problem.” George pointed out and Harry encounters the great strange example together.
Harry at that time also on the scene, listening to George to point out this personal example, is comparing then scene, starts to understand George words back reality.
“The East has a very ancient proverb, Jakusui Dozen, the water conservation myriad things does not struggle. Acts according to the different situations to make to deal like the water, according to the different things makes the change. The best defense reduces the conflict, on the reduced conflict, solves the problem from the beginning.” George said the conclusion finally, taking advantage of the example, everyone starts to ponder, starts to try to understand this conclusion.
“The realistic world, may have the fist of brain to exchange a fist, a spell to a spell.” George continues to cite the example.
“ Spell is very powerful, the magic is very powerful, but the person is very vulnerable, the life is very frail. A sorcerer, from the birth to the graduation, took 18 years.
In the normal condition they can easily live 100 years old, 200 years old, but an incantation can actually easily kill them, no matter they have many lives, the remaining much money, have much knowledge. “
George's example is somewhat serious, making everyone start for a while silent.
Passed the moment, He is continuing a moment ago the question and answer sensitively, she is very intelligent, “compares Shape and Cello, we are extremely small and weak, if we conflict with them directly, might be killed.”
At this point, the sensitive tone is somewhat serious, is brandishing the fist, under George's emphasis and reminder, this 11-year-old little miss finally starts to face up to this their three people previously always to avoid, rejects the fearful reality that acknowledged.
No matter sees many to be happy in the story and reality, hears many fantasies, evades in any event, a fundamental question that finally must face, wrong likely caused the death.
This is no matter how emphasized the happiness of the world, the most basic reality that also change. But a more fearful reality is, the death even was not the most dreadful matter, but the failure might cause these one to happen.
He continues to look at Harry and Owen sensitively, “we cannot conflict in any event with Shape and Cello directly, therefore we cannot appear during their confrontation directly.”
Looks that He keen has been able to utilize these to protect oneself means that and starts to make the safe reasonable inference, George knows own today says has played the role.
Is listening to He's sensitive analysis, Harry also started to rotate oneself brain, He keen had understood George today curriculum real sense, he will not easily show weakness.
“ The best way hides beyond the line of sight, ahead of time reduces the conflict. We cannot encourage telling Cello, we cannot even tell Dumbledore, cannot tell.
We must first protect our security, safely means that before finding to solve the problem, we need to ambush, needs to treat as anything not to know. “ Harry had also understood their following key points, understood their following dealing.
“In school has so many professors, each compared with us, Dumbledore or the chief, these things should process by them.”
Has He keened and Harry's prompt, Owen also starts to express his opinion, he also looked at George, George is also much stronger than him, is much more intelligent, really had must act to result in the time, George will not pretend not to know.
Looks at Owen's vision, He keen and Harry also thought of this,
Becoming relaxed. No wonder George does not worry, even does not worry. “Was our three is too anxious!” He transferred a circle sensitively dexterously, relaxed.
“Like me previously said that now we make, the study, the training, strengthens own strength, we do not need to hide to pretend anything not to know, but does not want, because the senseless action makes mistakes.” George has been making everyone defer to a stable direction to go forward, is extremely anxious, extremely will evade will bring not the good result.
“Thank you George, I felt more relaxed.” He stretches oneself sensitively, had George's guidance, she discovered oneself are worried was somewhat unnecessary, “recently can reduce some training? We should review the schoolwork, dealt with the test.” He keen is saying, has turned the head to look at Harry and Owen.
Owen and Harry are also a face anticipated, the student of first grade, must be able to be into the second grade through the terminal examinations, this is important to each student, even if they have the good result, but does not dare to be slightly careless.
But the teachers also think that like this, arranged big pile of reviews to them, big pile of work. Similarly, because of the fear to the mysterious person, they cannot drop the training of spell, the time is occupied fully.
“That is not good, the training of spell is more important than the schoolwork, I believe you certainly to be able through the test.” George rejects immediately, he will certainly not agree, compares the schoolwork, the work. When most essential, an armor guard, an imaginary body incantation, these can protect their safe bases.
Looks the expression that Harry and the others anticipated suddenly becomes depressed, George continues to explain to them, “ in school is safe, when you had anything to discover that can tell the teacher, can tell me.
But like previous time great strange, is muddleheaded to track Shape like previous time Harry, would the accident/surprise time, the spell that at this time only then the magic wand in your hand, you grasped can protect you. “
At this point, George's look seems very serious, “at least supports you, when the aid of others.”
Harry is listening to George his experience, treated as the wrong example to lift, for a while also felt embarrassed, immediately extinguished the thoughts of reduced training.
George patted started, to continue saying that “from good perspective, no matter at least the duel studied, you surpassed March, he may have no way to take you to practice to lock the leg incantation like Nervy.”
Nervy previous and Club, Gore fought one ruthlessly, falls into the stupor. Let March, because does not have the help of personal servant, was beaten violently by Owen. He now good, the courage were also many several points, but the strength always differs March is too many, will be bullied.
Owen also nods gently, now he has He keen and George's help, in the study has been the vanguard.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 38 compares possibly drags down the study, naturally in the strength cannot lose to March more important, his previous time punched March let alone, no matter wants to find the opportunity to punch again one time, guards against March to retaliate, the training of spell cannot stop.

Speaking of Nervy, Harry also thinks that he has taught Nervy to say spirit.
But George has also said that the person chooses the word spirit, the word also chooses the person spirit, although George believes that he can teach Nervy to say finally spirit, but he has lacked self-confidence.
He looked sensitively George easily convinced Harry and Owen, knows that then reduced the training the idea to be hopeless.
Is good has studied the tyrant because of her, dealing with these actually wants Bhaji and Owen is much more relaxed, did not mind. However, mentioned March, she remembered a matter immediately.
“Right, the dragon that raised in the hut is discovered by March.” He noticed sensitively the reduced training resulted in the matter is hopeless, just mentioned March, she also said information about March.
“Unexpectedly dragon that moreover George you do not want to take a look, this keeps me really from understanding.” He keen Wang George, is wanting to listen to George's view, why her very curious George is not interested in the dragon.
Since knows that hid dragon egg, hatched the dragnet, He is sensitive, Harry they these days, but spends the time and energy a lot, in this famous mysterious species.
“I been not only interested in the dragon, to the beyond control animal, I am not interested.” Looks curious vision that everyone encircles, George somewhat helpless saying.
Said that George is always a person who lacks the security sense, he has not raised the pet, but also sees others to raise the pet.
It is not repugnant, will not stop others to raise the pet, but makes he himself choose, he definitely rejection without hesitation. Must raise anything, ironclad starts from the plant, is having no other choice, will consider, the fish, the bird, waits the pet that can close, will consider finally, the cat small-scale pet, the large-scale pet ironclad will not consider like this.
Even if now, had a famous mysterious species dragon facing, such astonishing news, he could not be interested.
Naturally also possibly is, he has understood through the records of many books, these dragons are hard to domesticate, cannot help. Thinks that dragon that huge appetite, with not too splendid ability, he does not plan to put the thoughts to understand this lifeforms much.
“Won't George, you fear the dog?” He keen Hoaxing thought of anything, stared the circle the eye, opened the mouth, a face was inconceivable.
Is listening to He's sensitive speculation, Harry and Owen were startled the eyeball to fall quickly, will George fear the dog?
Can display many spells conveniently, sorcerers who are powerful makes them look, weapon that can walk, is big vigorous and healthy the robust man who looks like half god. Will he fear the dog unexpectedly?
The one who lets Harry and Owen is crazy, this guess possibly real, “George really possibly fears the dog!”.
George is awkward, how does not know to reply, did not say fears the dog, although he was really pursued by the dog in childhood has been nipping several times. But grew up, has the counter force capacity.
Does not propose this, even if tens of thousands of dogs encircle to him, insufficiently he displays the spell. But really until now, he does not want oneself side to have the large-scale dog process.
“March has not accused dragon, should be feared that has hidden the dragon. But the growth of dragon is quick, quick could not keep, if not plan to process, best not to fall yourselves.” George felt oneself are not suitable answers He sensitive that trap same question, therefore dies of old age Henna to look at the dragon to them, put forward the proposal.
Is thinking must continue to undergo George's training, Owen does not dare to stimulate George, honest replied, “we urged the crossing ocean standard, he has agreed to pack off the dragon. We had also received Charlie's reply, next week will pack off in the turret general dragon.”
Looks at a George face uncomfortable look,
Harry and the others hastily left the activity room of mutual aid association. “Will George fear the dog unexpectedly? No wonder he never wants to have a look at path prestige, does not care about the philosopher's stone.” Left the activity room of mutual aid association, Harry is a face is inconceivable.
“Should not be feared that George does not like the dragon, he can kill with ease greatly strange, have no reason to fear the dog, he possibly does not like the animal.” Although He keen is first guessed that George fears the dog, but ponders calmly, thought that does not gather the common sense.
“This speculation has the possibility, George as if not like.” Owen thinks, approved of He's sensitive new deduction.
“Said, what George does like? Spell?” Harry asked an issue.
“Probably has not really seen the thing that George has special likes, on liking him like a Sir.” He rests one's chin in one's hands the help/gang sensitively, thought for quite a while, said.
“Right, like Sir.” Harry and Owen looked at each other one, approves to the sensitive analogy.
“On repugnance, he not like Sir.” Then, three people laughed together.
George does not like the dragon, does not raise the dragon to be hard to domesticate. Only is the huge appetite, not too splendid ability, makes the value of dragon fall short greatly.
But is quick, the fact is also proving George's judgment.
Owen by Robber, was Henna strip Norway back dragon bites.
Harry they do not even dare to look for the hospital, does not dare to look for Madame Pang Lula, is good can also process such injury because of George. But Owen must go to the hospital training finally, the injury of but after George processing, will not be looked again.
Dragon can/but is not the fun animal, later even/including Paige and his hunting dog babble were also bitten by the dragon, but they may the Owen coarse meat be thicker, Harry and He keen are impatient, must get rid of that Norwegian back dragon that called Robber.
But this is also not the only trouble, March as if also discovered Harry their plan, he will definitely think means taking the opportunity to make Harry they pour on big mildew, Harry and He keen has to therefore seek help George.
Saturday night, this month the black wind high night, they arrived at hut, has prepared.
He called Robber's Norwegian back dragon to put in a big plank box that but also prepared many mice and brandies in inside, treated as the food in Robber journey. Even also put the teddy bear to go, but heard the sound that in the plank box is colliding to rip to draw, obviously Robber and its teddy bear were together are unfriendly.
After waiting for and his dragon says goodbye, George added on the float incantation to the plank box, the effect is very good, under the weightlessness Robber had no way to hit the box. However, in order to the security, George added a sound-insulated incantation.
Harry and He keen the box cover under the invisible clothes, then two people sneak in the gown, picked up the box gently.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 39 looks that Harry and He is sensitive, blindly following suit holds the box.

George a little wants to tell them, a person uses the imaginary body incantation to follow outside, a person will hold the box quickly. However, looks at two people tacit coordination, he bore.
Their three people across the marble stair of hall, arrive under the turret, is the midnight, all the way four no ones, their safe on turret.
Immediately arrived at the turret topmost level, front suddenly had the sound, Harry they almost discarded the box, was good has also been paying attention because of George, supported. Then everyone shrank in the shadow together, originally front more than ten meters places, under a lamp, the two shadows are wrestling.
After a while, the shadow walked toward here, looks distinctly. Originally was Maine teaches and Maria, Maine teaches clutching March's ear to walk, “wants to run to be possible not to have the opportunity, March closed/pass the confinement.”
Maine teaches that icy, severe sound, “in the middle of the night does not sleep, runs around in the school, Skye Bring buckles 20 points, looked that you also do dare to have next time.”
March is stunned, is trying the explanation, “is not this, Professor, is Harry Potter, he brought the dragon, I was grasp his.”
“Do not want to quibble, gives up any idea to deceive me, I must give Shape you, how having a look at him to handle you.” Maine teaches staring, does not believe March's argument completely.
Looks that Maine teaches does not pay attention to March's argument, clutches March to leave, Harry and He jumps for joy sensitively delightedly, “was really the good luck, March to close the confinement.”
The good deed that suddenly bumps into, making the revolving staircase final distance wonderful, everyone was relaxed. When arrives at the roof, puts down the box, He is even being concerned about the tip of the toe sensitively gently, trod the dance step.
“March's today's action may not have the previous intelligence.” Sees March to have bad luck, Harry mood is excellent, even remembered the experience of previous deceived duel, played own joke.
“Hahn, then finally.” He also starts to mention the previous deceived duel sensitively, Harry's embarrassed.
Also, waited for a meeting, four brooms from the nighttime sky, fell above the turret, was Charlie they come.
Charlie's friend is active, said to everyone the words of many thanks, took away Robber later. Charlie they four brooms a net, tied up Robber continually in central, this did not fear carrying a heavy load that Robber's weight surpasses the broom.
When Charlie they disappear in the boundless nighttime sky finally, Harry and He long breathes a sigh of relief sensitively finally, finally sent off Robber, they got rid of it.
“Also wants to raise the dragon?” George teased.
Harry and He shakes the head sensitively again and again, “then does not want to raise the animal.”
Looks at Harry and He's sensitive consciousness, George somewhat was also happy.
Afterward three people went to the staircase quietly, sent off Robber this trouble, Harry and He sensitive mood is excellent. Even almost dropped the invisible clothes, is good because of having George's reminder, must return to the dormitory, everyone this time had not forgotten that adds on the imaginary body incantation to oneself.
Just entered the corridor, Harry almost runs upon Fermi, he retro ceded again and again, bypassed Fermi.
“Close call had not been discovered by him.” Went to the turret, Harry is patting the chest, said low voice.
“It seems like not the March not previous intelligence, but was our luck compared with previous time is much better.” He keen see Fermi was braving suddenly, immediately thinks this is March informs, but March was held, it seems like it is an accident/surprise.
“OK, hurried to return to the dormitory, Maine teaches just suddenly appeared, perhaps waits also to come out.” The matter that sends off Robber has terminated, had the March held accident/surprise, finally also meets Fermi, George was urging Harry and He keen return to the dormitory quickly.
He does not dare to imagine he himself to be held, must be closed the confinement with one group of children the scene. Thinks here he hit one to tremble,
Also, was not saying, the hurrying half step leaves. Saw George saying that Maine teaches might also come again, the half step left, Harry and He's sensitive mood also anxious, sped up the footsteps to run toward the dormitory.
Last night Harry and He sensitive lucky return dormitory, has not met Maine to teach, but they discovered next day with amazement, Nervy was held.
“Harry, I am sorry, I was taught to hold by Maine. I heard March saying that you hid the dragon, he must catch you, I want to go to remind to you. I was taught to hold by Maine on the road, I harmed the school to buckle 50 points.” Nervy was eyeful, said, cried loudly.
Looks Nervy suffering cries, Harry and He is sensitively ashamed, Nervy was involved by them. They had not been discovered, actually harmed Nervy to be involved.
“ OK, Nervy, you helped Harry be busy yesterday. He indeed went to the turret well, the luck is not discovered. After you were discovered, Maine taught goes to the turret to hold Maria, Maria must be closed the confinement.
The school minute of deducting can make, 50 points change March to be closed the confinement you to celebrate. “ George related next yesterday's account, organizing the sentence to comfort Nervy
All along timid Nervy, with the help of Harry, has very big progress, this time is the night runs to give Harry to notify, this is not to him easy. George does not hope that this time matter, making Nervy timid.
“Right, many thanks to you, Nervy! You made March be closed the confinement, this was really good.” Harry listens to George to remind, immediately at present one bright, immediately encourages Nervy following this saying.
“Yes, Nervy, we celebrate, I will continue to award marks, takes carry back 50 points.” He sensitive eyeful guilty is looking at Nervy, she to involving Nervy feels very embarrassed, was determined that must bring back these scores for the school.
“Right, I, I will continue to win the GUI wonderful competition, we will bring back quickly these differences.” Harry saw He to think sensitively the good way, to join immediately.
“50 points changed March to close the confinement are really cheap, you were good Nervy.” Owen went forward to give Nervy a numerous hug.
“Thanks! Thanks!” Nervy is sobbing.
Because was grasped, buckled the school 50 points, he is full is suffering, pitiful, with ashamed.
But now listens to Harry saying that finally own behavior turned into a big good deed unexpectedly. Harry's encouragement touches him, thinks that March was also buckled 20 points, but also was closed/pass the confinement. He was buckled for 50 points is not that sad.
The later matter truly did not go bad, has Harry and the others the support and March is closed the confinement the news, Nervy is buckled for 50 points is not serious.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 40 He continues to attend class sensitively actively awards marks to the school, Harry takes part in the GUI wonderful training attentively, the school minute also bit by bit increases.

The quick test must come, the Harry more than three people of preparations, have planned to give full play in the test.
However, will sometimes have some accidents/surprises, close to taking a test, a day of afternoon, Harry walked from the library. He hears in the front classroom some people to press the sound, low voice sobbing.
He passed by, listened is the voice of Professor Cello.
“Asked you, I cannot this.”
In Ha thoughts of gain one startled, some people are threatening Cello, he approached carefully several steps.
“Good, good.” He hears Professor Cello to sob.
Afterward, he saw Professor Cello to walk from the classroom in a hurry, a hand is reorganizing the scarf.
Is pale, the eye socket is inflamed, like must cry aloud momentarily. Harry hides in the one side, waits for Cello to walk away, looks quietly toward the classroom, inside no one, but another door also keeps a seam. He has a mind with coming up, thinks that previously to everyone's guarantee, knows that cannot take risk alone.
He recalled carefully, since the sound of footsteps judged, another door leaves should be Shape, looks at today's scene, Cello surrenders.
Harry called He keen and Owen, found George together. The matter that afterward will see, said entirely.
“At least you do not have to track Cello and Shape, this does well.” What George first regards as important, Harry not for no reason takes risk.
“Shape must go well, Cello submitted, like this he knows how to lift the spell.” Owen lowered the head, hesitated under.
“That also has three dog path prestige!” He must help Nervy recover the school grades sensitively wholeheartedly, is thinking the test obtains good achievements, is not interested in Shape's action.
“Would the means through group prestige, even does not need to ask.” Around Owen looked all around, “I guess the library book collection, has the security to adopt the means of three dogs. We must think that counter measures, did Harry you say?”
Harry has been interested in Shape's secret very much, like people often said that most understood that your usually is your enemy, Harry wants to hold Shape's secret, wants to reveal his plot, punctures his clever trick, even prevents his plan.
He keen An opened the mouth before Harry, “told Dumbledore, he was a principal, the protector in school, the matter of school should give him.”
“But we do not have the evidence.” Harry sees He to oppose to act sensitively, tries to convince her.
“ Cello will definitely not plan to testify, he fears awfully. So long as Shape categorically denies, did not acknowledge, no one has the evidence, he is a professor, we are the students. Moreover, we hate him, this who knows, some people do not believe.
Dumbledore will also think that we are lying, will submit including Fermi to Shape. We are too small and weak, does not have the evidence. Solely is we know that philosopher's stone and path prestige, this does not conform to the custom of school. “ Harry analyzes slowly, thought that cannot tell Dumbledore.
He knows sensitively Harry also said is reasonable, but she does not want to mix these things, she looked at George, wanted to have George's support.
“Harry analyzes right, we lack the evidence, moreover we are the students, at this time we had no way to accuse the professor.” George ignites the table with the finger, slowly the analysis, “Cello is unreliable, Fermi is unreliable, Shape is more unreliable, Dumbledore will not believe us, you must first be clear about this point.”
“That what to do?” He keen Hear George's analysis, is not knowing how to deal.
“You really planned that your three, save the school, even saves magic? Resistance mysterious person?” George is knocking the table with the finger, asked an issue, looks at the people to look to his look, he supplemented, “good, is four.”
“ Therefore, we take a test safely,
The test was next week. “ He sees George not to plan to support Harry's action sensitively, immediately is relaxed. “Doesn't our what do?” Harry some are unwilling, are trying the idea of changing George.
“No, waiting, patient, this is the matter of primary importance.” George stands up, occupying a commanding position looks at Harry, “must remember, the world does not transfer for you, does not transfer for me.”
“ Shape's their actions can have the flaw, Dumbledore will also deal, we are only the hunters in hidden place. If necessary, we can stretch out our weapon. But resists directly there is Dumbledore, is magic.
The responsibility of the whole world anti- on you. It is not because this will crash you, because you will be injured by falling down it. “ George is saying slowly, formed own standpoint.
“Before saving the world, you should care about your score on the test, although I did not worry that you cannot test, but I do not hope you lose to March.” Has George to support, He also one is sensitively happy, tries to make everyone put to take a test the attention.
“ This is also good, we always need to wait for the opportunity to find means Owen also to start to recall that the fearfulness of mysterious person, feels or defers to George's means be better, guaranteed own security, has the possibility that the critical time has an effect.
March running of going all out, desperate running, the mouth is also sending the fearful squeal, he does not even believe that is not the sound that can make.
He has not run such quickly, in the forest the gloomy and cold wind has blown from his ear bank, blows to rouse his coat, rinses his long gown, he almost thinks oneself ride on the flying broom.
He cannot feel oneself leg, but two legs actually must look like a light wheel 2000 quickly, making his whole person almost flutter. His person was about to flutter, his train of thought had fluttered, he even missed forgot, oneself are making anything, he ran, like wind.
Suddenly, he thought.
Matter twists fiercely, matter should not be this, he discovered Harry their secret. And Harry their three raised the dragon, a fearful fierce dragon. This is the matter that the school does not permit absolutely, this is violates the law, this will make them be dismissed the school entirely.
This is the opportunity that he has waited, he must, Wesley, expel the school He sensitively, but Harry because of the special status of Savior, will stay in the school with his plea.
Where had the problem? March's train of thought continues is dancing in the air. This is a golden good opportunity, although must hold it to be a little difficult, but intelligent March has the means.
Will hide stubbornly the dragon, Dumbledore will also harbor them, but March knows how to hold them, how to apprehend both the thief and stolen goods.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 41 killed unicorn March has not raised the news direct exposure of dragon, but waits for the dragon to grow up day-by-day, until cannot keep completely, this has not spent how much time.

Dragon gets bigger and bigger, is getting more and more cut-throat, the fools of Wesley family/home were nipped the hospital by the dragon. What a pity dragon Chichi bit his finger, rather than other where.
This makes March somewhat regrettable, where casual bites other feeling better finger. He sees the matter to develop in the direction that he expects very much happily, even a little does not want to accuse Harry they.
But quick, he has to speed up oneself plan, because Harry they cannot bear that fearful dragon, must send off it, he has no way to continue to wait to look at Harry their joke.
Where certainly had the problem, after March remembered this, a series of dreadful things, he late at night went to the turret to pack off the news of dragon to tell Fermi Harry et al. Sets up the trap like previous time him, inviting Harry duel then to tell Fermi's process to be the same.
But this time, to avoid Harry they are in luck like the previous time, escapes Fermi's seizing, he even decides to act personally.
Matter should not be this, this later matter went beyond his expectation completely, he should catch in the act Harry and He is sensitive, holds that dragon. Such he can, Owen, expel the school He sensitively entirely, Harry possibly does not have to be caught up easily, but he did not mind.
Finally, may happen what matters is? This was too absurd, this was too inconceivable. He arrives at the turret to be taught by Maine seizes at the scene, will Maine teach will appear here? This is the midnight, he should not here.
Maine teaches not only does not listen to his explanation, but also deducted the Sleight Forestry College 20 points, but also makes him close the confinement. When this old woman is waits for this retaliates his opportunity to be many, because he harms the standard sweet orchid smell to buckle many differences.
He was taught to seize by Maine, he missed the opportunity of holding Harry Potter, useless Fermi makes Harry escape once again, in without compared with this worse matter.
No, the ratio this worse matter, he was closed the confinement.
No, this closing the confinement was worse than much, he was punished in the night inspects the forest.
Do they, how they dare? Successor who how they can let Draco, goes in the night full is the forest of werewolf and wild animal?
By this time, March recalled finally how this is a matter, “this crowd of outcasts want to kill me, they one is the plan makes me die in the forest, I cannot on their working as.”
March has remembered the previous process, damn, damn Maine.
They one know certainly the forest presented the fearful monster, this monster has killed several heads the unicorn. But Maine taught to let him at this time the forest patrol, they decided very early in the morning, making him be killed by the monster that in the forest emitted.
They almost worked, why March remembered himself to run finally, is hiding anything. That is how fearful monster, he pledged, he has not seen is so evil, such terrifying monster.
In the forest, using the reason of investigation unicorn, casts off him, only leaves a useless hunting dog. He follows cautiously at the hunting dog babble behind. Almost was actually coursed the death by this mastiff.
Thinks of here, March or the whole body feel cold, pitiful, the gloomy and cold fearful picture flashes in his mind.
Under the moonlight, a pure white body is sparkling, that is the powerful mysterious lifeforms, the unicorn. In all mysterious lifeforms, the strength of unicorn is very near the top, they are almost impossible to be caught. But this exquisite, powerful mysterious lifeforms, actually looks like a beach rotten meat at this time, falls down.
It died, no matter it is powerful before death, is the speed like the wind, head alone corner/horn can pierce the lightning.
But it pours under a more fearful monster body now,
That monster wears the shadow same jet black long gown, wears the black hole same hood, it is bending down in the unicorn body side wound, is taking the blood. In the later memory, March only knows running that oneself need to keep, quicker the better, farther the better to that fearful monster. He not like, peaceful by the monster that his foe expects was killed, the peaceful death in the forest, he cannot.
March's running continuously, running, did not have running of life, he is closing the last minute of eye still to run.
George makes everyone concentrate on to take a test, the patience waits for the opportunity, waits for Shape to expose weaknesses, the day of but waiting for not like imagination is so relaxed.
This unlucky March, even if Harry and Owen are such repugnant March, this time still having no way cheers up.
Has separated for many days, they almost the matter that forgets March to be closed/pass the confinement, but they know quickly clear.
March was punished in the night inspects the forest, these days, the forest presented the fearful blood sucking monster to kill several powerful unicorns. That night, the monster appeared, March almost dies in monster.
“My investigates passed/lived, the unicorn was a specially mysterious lifeforms, because they chastely and nicely by specially charm protection.” He looks at everyone sensitively cautiously, started to say investigates to come the information from the book.
“The blood of unicorn can continue the life, even if the suffocated person, their blood have the huge charm. But similarly, some people will not easily continue the life with the blood of unicorn absolutely, because slaughters like this pure lifeforms, drinks their blood, from starting since that moment, will be cursed by the blood, becomes a cursed life.” He keen tight brow, material not difficult of unicorn, but who is that monster?
“March has waked from the hospital, he displays very calmly, has not screamed. This lets some people instead fears, he said that monster is a fearful black sorcerer.” Owen looked at March, he has a mind to take pleasure in others' misfortunes, but March's performance makes him happy.
“A half-dead cursed life, appeared in the forest at this time, but in the school has philosopher's stone that who can half-dead restores.” Harry's voice is somewhat cold, he felt that the scabs of forehead start burning painful, he has a more fearful deduction.
“Lord Voldemort is not going to return, but has returned, he hides in the forest, only misses Shape to rob the philosopher's stone.” Harry felt that the scabs of forehead are not only burning his body, but also is burning his soul, his sound appears clenches jaws, he starts unable to control oneself anger.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 42 Lord Voldemort return “Lord Voldemort had appeared, their actions are not far, cannot help them obtain philosopher's stone” a George face is also serious, although Lord Voldemort should not this time resurrect, who can only place hopes in the luck? This time philosopher's stone can make Lord Voldemort resurrect with the best stance, the possible accident/surprise and hidden danger the fewer the better.

“Was good because of the matter that March was attacked has spread over the entire school, Dumbledore does not know, we can seize the opportunity at crucial moment.” He is frowning sensitively, although she does not want to mix this matter, but the matter may be beyond control she.
The news that Lord Voldemort has returned worries the people, compares March, compares Shape, Lord Voldemort by far is much more fearful. No matter at least March or Shape, in attending class, will not run into the classroom suddenly, is blown to piece everyone.
.........
After meeting distinction, everyone also needs to continue to deal with big pile of things badly battered. Especially Harry, he seems specially anxious, even some are distracted. The scabs of stabbing pain, the continual nightmare, he is guarding against Lord Voldemort to run into the classroom frequently, he is blown to pieces in the fear to deal with the test in Lord Voldemort everyone.
Everyone tries to comfort Harry, told him, this matter will not happen. Lord Voldemort without perfect resurrecting, but could also not resist Dumbledore. He resurrects even perfectly, still needs to call the partisan, can do evil.
Was good finished because of the test finally, after He checked the answer sensitively, Harry finally long relaxing. He will not at least fail a grade because of these days diverting attention, will not turn into everyone study younger brother.
But test from now on relatedness, even cannot continue for several hours, Harry also has the big discovery immediately.
..........
“Dragon egg, is the partisan of Lord Voldemort delivers, they use this from mouth, drew out the security through the group Wei's means that path prestige will listen to the music to sleep.” Harry is lowering the head, is unreliable and dejected.
“What is most essential, we look for Dumbledore time, Maine teaches telling us, Dumbledore has left the school to go to London, will come back at earliest tomorrow. We try to remind Maine to teach, tonight some people will steal the philosopher's stone, but she does not believe us from the start.” He sits on the chair sensitively, a foot is kicking the floor.
At crucial moment Dumbledore is not, Maine teaches is not willing to believe them, this makes her very depressed.
“We are trying action that monitors Shape, but he was too vigilant, there is no way, he also threatens to dismiss Harry. Maine taught also regarded the bastard us, said that saw us to deduct our 50 points, was the difference.” Owen said more baffling words.
“Matter is not bad, the protection of known philosopher's stone, has dogged, Cello's spell, Shape's demon medicine. But Dumbledore wants stupid, really not to place hopes in these, I believe that will also have in the school the adept skills of other professors.” George tries to comfort everyone, fearfulness that matter has not actually imagined.
In the keen An some meanings move, she started to approve George just view, “the teachers of school never believe that the philosopher's stone will be stolen, except for did not trust us, likely was also because has enough counter measures.”
“Certainly is this, even Cello that coward, this idiot, can participate in the protection of philosopher's stone, have no reason other faculty to be excluded.” Owen eyes one bright, happy, George's view conforms to the common sense.
“Actually I do not believe three dogs that from the beginning, Cello's small trick can protect the philosopher's stone. The philosopher's stone from beginning to end, the true safeguard only has one in my opinion, that is the spell of Dumbledore, he preserves the philosopher's stone the method.” George is rapping the table gently, this time said the idea that oneself hid.
Harry is pale,
In the eye is flashing the flame, “I do not believe them, I will sneak to slip in the evening secretly, I will attain the philosopher's stone ahead of time.” “Were you insane? In this case, ironclad will be dismissed, this is not the presence of threat, no longer is only point deduction” He keens yells merely, she cannot believe Harry really has such crazy idea.
“The strength of professor compared with us, the philosopher's stone cannot like this be silent is stolen, we can wait for them to fight, makes a move to help.” George does not approve of Harry's idea, his means are extremely radical, is extremely risky.
“Lord Voldemort, when I am the baby, killed my parents, was their protections makes me live!” On forehead burning painful scabs, the pressure that the continual nightmare, Lord Voldemort returns, making Harry somewhat crazy.
“Lord Voldemort, if attains the philosopher's stone, he will ruin the entire school, person who kills all oppositions. He will not let off me, I not like he expects, obedient return virtue thinks of ritual and others he to walk, regardless of pays any price, I must prevent him personally.”
Harry had said like this everyone can also say anything, as the friend, can only give at this time suggested, gives helps.
“Also has like this, if we can attain the philosopher's stone, showed that the protection of philosopher's stone does not do well enough. In the evening, I will be waiting for you that side the trap door, you go back to take the stealth clothes. But if you cannot cross the corridor, that tonight's action will end.” George suppressed under the thoughts, cannot make Harry take risk alone, has to take the bull by the horns, got down the decision.
Although this is not the best way, but since decides to help Harry from the beginning, treated as the friend Harry, George does not have the means to look that a Harry person takes risk.
.........
At night, how long George has not waited, sees the Harry three people that caught up in a hurry. However, they are not powerful like George, can replace itself to pretend to rest with the illusion, can go through in the school with ease.
Harry they, must wait for everyone to rest, can leave the dormitory. They still ran into Nervy on the road, Nervy recently became more and more brave. He is making up for oneself error these days diligently, hopes that makes the school recover the deducted 50 points.
This time sees the Harry three people to run, Nervy prevents wholeheartedly. He keen displayed entirely the whole body fetter incantation of certification to Nervy, makes them have the opportunity to come out.
Even they still met the repugnant ghost on the road, even they are invisible, cannot escape the ghost keen consciousness. Is good is smart because of Harry, installs to bleed the person Barlow's voice, has deceived ghost. Taking this opportunity, ordering ghost not to permit coming to here tonight again, this is canned probably only the happy place.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 43 enters channel “this is not the good sign.” The Ron low voice whisper, their three people are go out merely are in one pile of troubles, the matter that waits for feared that will not be smooth.

“Point of no return, has now said these also already late.” George tightened the brow, since has decided the action, now is not the discouraged time.
Four people returned to normal a mood, shoved open cautiously the front door that is closing three dog path prestige, the obsolete big wooden door, sends out one squeak giggle the sound, later the people ear transmits low and deep barking wildly. Three dogs that called path prestige, the option nose, nosed toward them.
“Its under foot has a harp.” Heroine is also at heart anxious immediately, pinches own lower hem corner to remind low voice.
“Shape has come, he passed here, left behind the harp.” The Harry brain transferred fast, thinks of cause and effect immediately.
“Harry, do not delay, plays the bamboo flute, waits for my first getting down.” George does not like the dog, especially this large-scale dog, he was somewhat worried oneself cannot bear send out the wicked incantation, was urging Harry hurries to act.
Listens to the George some impatient tone, Harry to recover immediately, he cannot think, George and road prestige who is fiercer, does not immediately stand still plays the bamboo flute.
The whistle sound inadequate melody, is somewhat coarse, but path prestige eats this set very much. The Harry whistle sound passes on, path prestige six eyes drooped to gather slowly, Harry does not dare to stop to rest, slowly, the bark of dog stopped.
“Plop” its lowering the head mourning brain swayed several, the under foot one softly, fell on the floor, heavy went off.
“Continues to play the bamboo flute, do not stop.” George is then hinting Harry, then added on an armor guard to everyone. He has a mind to give three dogs to add a fetter incantation again, fears by the charm resistances of three dogs, even provokes the resistance. Stopped, immediately walks toward the trap door stride.
George opens the trap door, inward looked, has turned the head to warn that Harry three people, “is a chute, is very deep, anything cannot see. I can first getting down, when I fall to the ground safely, I will hint you to get down.”
The George vision skipped in the Harry three people, then said, “I hinted, what next getting down is Ron, is Heroine, the Harry whistle sound do not stop, your last gets down.”
Ron nods, before arriving at cave entrance, gazed after George to slide following cave entrance. He is staring, motionless, is looking keenly at cave entrance, even if inside is dark, anything cannot see.
Passed the moment, he sees, in cave entrance emits ray, the George sound transmits, “safe, Ron follows, is Heroine, finally is Harry, do not rub gently, I will catch you.”
Ron has turned the head, hints toward Heroine and Harry, “George has determined the following security, after I get down, Heroine is following close on, is Harry, the speed quickly.” Then, Ron does not wait for other, slid following cave entrance.
Ron gets down, Heroine follows one anxiously, felt cave entrance to slide. Finally, is Harry, only remained him. He does not dare to stop the mouth is playing the bamboo flute, bit the bamboo flute to jump in the chute.
Ron follows the chute to coast, the cold, moist wind has blown in his ear, arouses goosebumps. The whole person is the dizzy weightlessness feeling, reminding him is taught by George in the training, then also like that time, “plop!” Sad impact noise, his four limbs fall to the ground, in the brain flashes through a thought that “floor is softer than the training ground.”
Has not waited for Ron to stand, the back soft object pressed ruthlessly on his body “oh!” He sends out a moan.
Heroine is somewhat anxious, she was arranged after Ron gets down. Sees Ron to jump down the chute, thinks that was one's turn itself, she does not dare to delay, follows close on to slide. Falls to the ground, seems pressing anything, later was one big hand held her.
“ OK,
Do not stand in cave entrance, Harry gets down immediately. “ George pulled open Heroine, making Ron crawl. “This is the difference treats!” Ron was treated as the Heroine cushion to step on a meeting, after crawling, immediately starts to complain.
Harry got down, he drops cave entrance, heard to transmit the resounding dog's bark behind, that three dogs really awoke may be quick.
Harry sits on the ground, traces the soft ground, the feel seems like some plant, “what thing is this?”
“Harry, do not sit the ground, this is the devil net.” George sees the people to fall to the ground safely, wields the magic wand, the stick body emits together the red-orange just like early morning sunlight flame.
Taking advantage of the ray, everyone discovered, unknowingly, on their feet, even, has entangled the vine that varied thick or thin.
“How to have this type of thing!” The Heroine complexion was pallid, screamed.
The thick and many vines, like pythons, ambush in their body sides. Until George summoned the flame, the pythons of these terrors under the bright and warm stimulation, xi so, just like the tidal retreat, this strange scene made in three child hearts send coolly.
“Devil net likes being moist and gloomy, feared that up is sensitive to heat. Does not calculate that vicious method, the devil net likes tying up, multipurpose captures alive, rather than kills directly!”
The George words are tranquil, does not have the mighty waves, the aura that in the sound shows, actually looks like the wind that in the chute blows, making three child whole bodies feel cold. They think at this time truly, realized truly, real risk in reality, what kind of fear is representing, what kind of bad risk is representing.
The red-orange flame is beating carefully, like a small Sun, under the ray, is the George calm firm and resolute face, the blade cuts the are to truncate, just like statue.
Three small forms, mutual looking at each other, is seeing each other tacit understanding in eye, each other reliable form, the picture frames for a while, like an ancient picture scroll.
“We will attain the philosopher's stone, beats Lord Voldemort!” In the Harry eye is glittering the flaming flame, he involved oneself friend, he does not have the escape route, he will win, must win.
“We investigated Shape's plot, discovered the clever trick of mysterious person, we have rushed to three dogs, we defeated the devil net.” Since Heroine bit by bit enumerates that these days everyone has won, is used to strengthen everyone's confidence.
“We will save the school, saves everyone.” Ron does not lack the heroic spirit.
“That on!” The Harry three people of imposing manners also infected George.
George before, Harry, Heroine comes, Ron, four people of heads and tails is connected, leads the way along an only stone corridor gradually.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 44 formidable risk water drop following the wall ticktock falling, the footsteps arouses the dust on the corridor greatly, the people along the corridor slowly downward.

“You listen! What sound does front have probably?” He slowed down the footsteps sensitively, asked low voice.
The people also put lightly the footsteps immediately, raised the ear, front spread one gently rustle sound.
“Is the spirit?”
“Probably anything is fanning the wing.”
“In front, I see the thing to move.”
They come to the end across the corridor, at present presents the opinion bright hall, the top of the head is the ceiling that haunches up high. The innumerable brilliant small bird gem is likely common, wields the wing to dance in the air in the hall, the opposite closely is shutting a leaf of thick wooden door.
“We across hall time, will these birds attack us?” Owen looked all around these birds, some anxieties.
“First leaves anxiously drawing a conclusion, a person goes forward to probe slowly.” George oneself added on the armor guard, the probe has forwarded the past, the bird is all the way uninteresting about him. Before he arrived at that leaf of closed front door quickly, or pushes or, the front door is entirely still. The useful magic wand tried under the unblinking incantation, is one unresponsive.
Seeing on the road is nonhazardous, the Harry three people also walked one after another.
“What to do?” Owen also went forward to twist the doorknob.
“These birds possibly have anything to affect.” He keen Zhuantou is sizing up the in the air bird.
“This is not the bird, but is the key.” In Harry brain a light flashed through, thought of the key. He looks all around, sees several flying brooms in the corner. “Look, here has the flying broom, we fly to discover the gate key, it should be somewhat different from other keys.”
Said that Harry has ridden the broom, starts to seek for the key.
“Here key were too many.” Owen muttered, but grasped a broom to rise the midair, crashed in the key group with Harry.
George sees Harry and Owen has come up, does not follow to mix to live, stands guard on the ground carefully, guards against the possible accident/surprise.
Harry's flight talent is seriously uncommon, searches for the goal to come handily. He talked over, this will not compare to hold a golden cat burglar more difficult, several minutes, “I saw, in that the sky blue wing, the feather following one side, it was held probably one time.”
“Owen, you above, I hold it.” Harry hints Owen to surround above, an oneself dive accelerated, caught up with the key, has not waited for the key to respond, had been grasped by him firmly in the hand.
He descends rapidly, toward shutting tightly the front door walks, the key in hand is still trying struggling, one forced in the loop by him. Grabs the key to twist, door lock separating. The gate opens, the key flies away, was held twice, making it seem frailer.
The front door shoves open, inside darkness, steps until some people, in room suddenly brilliantly illuminated, appears a scary scene.
They are standing above a giant checkerboard, the front is the black board game piece that the giant stone carving becomes, is higher than the person. But in another head, what with their relative is some white board game pieces.
“What to do then should?” Harry will not play chess, asked low voice.
“Opposite playing chess to arrive.” Around Owen sized up, said own speculation.
“How can play chess?” He keen too does not adapt to the giant weaponry at present, anxious is asking.
“The playing chess words are directed by me, although does not excel, but by the computation, I will not always lose to the professor in school.” George thinks slightly, although rarely plays chess many advantages is anything knows, by having the computation, does not believe oneself will lose to the logic and mathematical very bad sorcerer.
George is trying in check that arrives at a Rachel, saw the stone to live immediately, the knight rode steadily on the horseback,
The big tall horse under body is still pacing slowly. “Each of you also looks for a board game piece substitution, Owen replaces another knight, Harry replaces the bishop, He replaces the castle sensitively.” George hesitates, made the choice for everyone simply.
Finishes speaking, two knights, a bishop, a castle turned around to leave the checkerboard, left behind own vacancy, in people to field.
“Playing chess time, the white first walks the first step.” Waits for in the field four people of respective homing, the white to tow the serious step to start to take action.
George also starts the director to ride black deals one by one, George chess strength is not very good, but wins in the computing power is strong enough, opposite puppet intelligence is limited. Is calculating after him carefully, exchanges pieces one by one, the opposite shore was eaten most board game pieces quickly.
But one's own side, although at this time also lost many board game pieces, but has George deliberately to look, the Harry three people are also safe and sound, is only the complexion is slightly bad.
“A little daunted?” After crossing the chess game safely, George is asking everyone low voice.
“Is a little scary, although is the stone board game piece, beginning to be possible is not forgiving seriously.” Harry is pale, the knee somewhat was soft, remembers the white flag to be just knocked down the black board game pieces, pulled off the checkerboard, but also some lingering fear, he also scraped past with this scene several times.
“I detected that teaches these spells that they arrange to be getting more and more strange.” After one tests layer on layer/heavily, George feeling is even more strange, “these games are used to protect the philosopher's stone, is the formidable is greatly risky?”
“Also really let alone, listened to your such saying, but also really looked like.” He keen is jumping to try the alleviation mood now, oneself as the board game piece, standing are one type feels above the checkerboard seriously specially. Is waiting for the opposite party board game piece attack one after another, sees board game piece to be attacked, dragged away, must say that is not in no mood to be anxious, the heartbeat accelerates, no one believes.
“Does not know how Shape does pass here? Here has not been seeing board game piece that has the damage.” Owen also has a lingering fear, how also starts curious Shape to pass here.
Thinks that Shape already in front, everyone also no longer delays, through front door, continues to proceed following a corridor.
“What will we then meet?” The time that the chess game spends were relatively much, Harry somewhat worried that Shape has gone well.
“Devil net is Sprout's mechanism/organization, the magic on key, assigning is Drive's acrobatics, just checkerboard was the distortion technique that Maine taught. Words that continues, but also is left over Cello's magic, Shape's method, finally is Dumbledore.” Following that He keen Bad the finger, several must also meet one after another.
“Oh, so many, I hope that Shape have not left from other places.” Owen sighs, said a possibility that makes one feel disappointed.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 45 discovery clue “Dumbledore's method is not good to cope, looks at the front method, I thought that this was the formidable greatly risky game. I have said early, only then Dumbledore's spell and hidden the philosopher's stone the method, is the philosopher's stone only protection.” George walks, is very unsatisfied about the beforehand test, “Dumbledore might as well brings the philosopher's stone along.”

“This great idea, Dumbledore to want actually, if placed taking advantage of the philosopher's stone the optimum condition, Lord Voldemort had no way to do evil for a long time.” He keen Like approved George's viewpoint.
People all the way walks while said that quick arrives at the corridor end, is a leaf of front door, George went forward to try to push the door, this time did not have the accident/surprise, the gate to open.
The gate shoves open, the odor of a sewer and restroom welled up suddenly, was good had some preparations because of everyone ahead of time, has not spat. Everyone covers the mouth and nose with the clothes, discrete inward looks, a huge form is lying down in the ground motionlessly, is one blames its head also one huge tumor of greatly infiltrating the blood.
“Meets previous time me and George great strange is huger, but also is fierce.” Harry sized up and down great strange.
“Perhaps is the great strange elite, mountain strange/monster?” He remembers the record in book sensitively, the great strange build is biggest, fiercest can be called mountain strange/monster.
“It may be really smelly, can not need to fight with it is really a good deed.” Owen is covering the mouth and nose, complained.
George first gave greatly added a lethargic sleep incantation strangely, then greeted everyone to step out, left here.
Everyone entered the next door, “then this/should Shape.” Harry looks at present in the empty room, only then a table, above one discharges seven jars that the shape is varying.
When everyone enters the threshold, ascends suddenly flame, blocked the crossroad, this flame is unusual, deep purple, but also without being close, can feel thick charm of implication. But also at this time, in opposite crossroad also fled the black flame, all of a sudden road less, was stranded in the center.
“The present is Shape's method, in other words front great strange is Cello's method.” George sized up flame carefully, suddenly thought of anything, proposed by the detail that everyone neglects.
“Great strange is Cello's method!” He keen Hear George's view, in heart one startled, before as if neglected anything.
“You want to say steals the philosopher's stone is not Shape, but is Cello, is impossible.” A Owen face is inconceivable, Cello this is how possible.
“Who is must steal the philosopher's stone, now is ascertainable, but without a doubt, Shape and Cello are not trustworthy. Here great strange is Cello puts, then before school great strange, likely is also Cello puts.”
George's voice is somewhat cold, in the light words seems full of the profound meaning, “the Cello such frank and upright arrangement here is great, the professor and Dumbledore in school must know, then they whether has long known in school great strange is also Cello arranges.”
As discovers the clue step by step, discovers the clue, the people are being close to the truth step by step, is close to the back thing.
“First has a look at the content of this pass/test, but do not remove the following person is Cello's possibility.” Had arrived here, after passing, can know that who is, George does not want to continue to guess, but reminded in advance.
“I first look!” He is disinclined to think that sensitively the bottom is Shape, is Cello, her attention on the sheepskin volume by table had been attracted, she according to the above writing, read loudly.
“At present has the danger, the rear area is very safe, the middle has two to help you, drinks them. Directs you to forward, makes your old route return. Inside has two is the nettle liquor, three are the killers, they arrange to waiting for your choice. Only if you plan to wait forever here, we have four clues to screen for you.”
“ First,
Regardless how the toxic ant hides the laying aside, they in the Coordinate of nettle liquor. “ “Second, in the jar of left and right different, if you plan to proceed, they will not help you.”
“Third, you can see, the jar size is various, does not have the god of death in biggest and smallest.”
“Fourth, left second with right second, although looks differently, but the flavor is the same.”
He keen long one string will read, “this is not a magic, but is a logical inference, is one guesses a riddle, then looked like the formidable to be greatly risky. However, the great sorcerers do not have the basic logical inference ability, this issue can surround them actually.”
“Not too difficult issue, what no matter has passed is, this issue has not played the role very much obviously.” Baffles the sorcerer with the logical issue, is feasible means that but is very obvious, this cannot be regarded any good way.
“We what to do? How do we go our?” Owen thought that at this time the brain buzzes, he does not have the thoughts to make what logical inference issue now, looks like the keen to ask directly.
“, This issue will not be difficult.” He repeated sensitively just the information on sheepskin volume, “information that needs to know on paper, in this seven jars, three toxic ants, two are the nettle liquor, can make us pass through the black flame, can make us return across the purple flame.”
“The medicament in this smallest jar, can safe across the front black flame, sees the philosopher's stone.” He keen Pie the small hand, like her was saying that without spending for several minutes she solved this code.
Is listening to He's sensitive words, everyone encircled, looks at that common small jar. Everyone looks at the jar, the mutual exchange look, somewhat is for a while awkward.
“This inside medicament can only to pass, this point, but also insufficient.” Owen temper is somewhat anxious, broke the deadlock directly.
“I must proceed, this is my responsibility, is I involve everyone.” In Harry vision full is firm and resolute, no matter after the flame, will meet anything, he cannot allow itself to flinch, cannot allow others to replace him to take risk.
“The words of strength, definitely should pass by me.” How George considers should deal with the present scene, should have a better choice, but this need time.
“Should have other means that or we are thinking.” He also thinks sensitively this key point, had arrived here, she does not want Harry or George takes risk alone.
“Right, we can try to find other solution, even we can stop up here, Shape would come out from here.” Owen is not willing to become the viewer by oneself, put forward a reasonable proposal.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 46 passes through flame He keen to clap immediately, “this, the last pass/test is Dumbledore's protection, is the philosopher's stone biggest protection. This closes are most essential, is very difficult to pass. Perhaps we can wait for here, Shape unable to attain the philosopher's stone. Even if he attained, will still be exhausted, we can wait to snatch here.”

In Harry eyes some meanings move, he was almost convinced, but his look quickly changes firm and resolute, “has arrived here very much, I do not allow flinching, staying here perhaps is a good way. But perhaps Shape will carry over the philosopher's stone from other channel, even Lord Voldemort in inside, he will get back taking advantage of the philosopher's stone.”
He looks at Harry sensitively tenacious somewhat indignant, she is brandishing the fist, called loudly, “, if Lord Voldemort in inside, how you dare to go, why you do prevent him?”
On Harry face reveals some reluctantly, he knows that oneself reason lacks the persuasive power, “I had defeated Lord Voldemort one time, not? I can always turn bad luck into good.”
He is then pointing at the scabs of forehead, “I can feel that here is firing my body, fires my soul, I cannot be flinched by myself. I cannot give up, that representative admits defeat, I will live thoroughly in the fear of Lord Voldemort lose all.” Harry's voice brings sobbing.
The sensitive lip shivers, wants to continue to persuade Harry. But looks at present this pitiful frail body, actually wants to shoulder the whole world, she is unable to put to oneself persuasion in the mouth, but asked him, “was very sore?”
“Right, no.” Harry somewhat speaks incoherently, “I meant that I can deal with, I will not submit, but jokes aside, was very sore.”
Is seeing Harry's such situation, everyone for a while silent speechless.
Harry wants facing oneself fear, defeats own nightmare, under this condition, no matter everyone does not think that he continues to proceed, actually no one can prevent him.
“In and other minutes, I am trying to eliminate this flame.” When Harry they talked to each other, George has stood before the flame, is observing the flame dedicated, is glancing through the information in memory, is seeking the means of eliminating the flame.
The sensitive look is excited, full is the anticipation is staring at Harry, “and other minutes.”
“Good, but I have no way to delay too for a long time, I can feel the scabs ache to develop am fiercer.” Harry looks on George, he believes that George's strength can certainly relieve the flame finally, but this requires the time, but they do not have the time.
Passed the moment, George mouth mumbled, he is brandishing the magic wand, the violent fluctuation of flame before him. Is sometimes strong and sometimes weak, was elongated, was reduced, was ripped open, closed up, but restores finally. He keen and Owen also walked, puts out own magic wand, unremitting attack front flame.
“Which can let the jar that the person goes back is?” Harry asked suddenly.
He has turned the head sensitively, perplexed, but replies immediately, “the jar of rightmost that round.”
“He is sensitive you to drink up that bottle.” Harry does not wait for the sensitive opens the mouth, rushed saying that “do not interrupt, listening to me saying that you went back, took the previous broom from the room of that dancing in the air key. It can carry you through the trap door, hides the opening prestige. After your, goes to the wigwam of owl directly, making my Hyde Wei deliver a letter to Dumbledore, making him support us.”
He is unwilling sensitively, is not willing to depart independently, immediately asks, “that you?”
“I cannot wait, I must pass through the flame immediately, I can divert Shape. I know, I absolutely am not his opponent. But I can direct him, George and Owen will help me.” Harry spent a lot of time, thinks that this is used to convince everyone's reason.
He has turned the head sensitively, full is looking of anticipation to George, “can George, eliminate this flame?”
“ This need time, the flame does not live baseless, but taking advantage of here special condition, has a magic support, otherwise my early morning eliminated it.
“ George somewhat is also helpless, the spell is not definitely able to stop him together, but before an arrange/cloth good trap, he does not have the means for a while. Harry is not willing to continue to delay, he is afraid very much, is afraid to front Shape, Lord Voldemort, is afraid the companions to follow he to walk into the secret room actually dead in the Lord Voldemort subordinate together. The scabs of forehead cauterization are reminding the great strength of his opponent, he suddenly thinks that a person proceeded, he is scared.
He is also very brave, his brave forwarding, moves toward the opponent bravely. What no matter front is Shape, is Lord Voldemort, he will not submit they. He can be overthrown, he can be killed, but he will not be defeated, he will not admit defeat, like his parents.
Before Harry arrives at the table directly, takes up the smallest jar, he drank up the liquid in jar, “I came.”
Like the ice, infiltrated his whole body coldly, he felt like returning at age 11. His lonely conceals in the cabinet, is cold and hungry, a darkness, all around does not have the sound. The time always draws every time is long. But he now became somewhat different, he was no longer afraid. He puts down the jar in hand, passes through from George and Owen's side, he coldly looks that the black flame climbs up his body, cannot feel slightly the heat.
“Harry, must come back.” What transmits is He's sensitive shouting.
Harry was being surrounded in one group of black flame, he looks at the flame to swallow itself, does not have the slight consciousness, anything cannot see. Until a body weightlessness feeling, he arrived at another side, entered another room.
Inside has a person, is not Shape, is not Lord Voldemort.
Is Cello.
“Is you?” Harry full is astonished, even breathes becomes difficult. Although George once reminded had said, Cello is unreliable, even steals the philosopher's stone possibly is Cello. But continuously by Shape, even Lord Voldemort for Harry of imaginary enemy, at this time how knows nothing about deals.
Cello is slanting the eye, on the face full is being self-satisfied, a point does not have usually in timid discrete, “naturally is I.” His sound starts becomes cold, “I am also thinking, can you suddenly appear, is seeing you, baud.”
“But Shape?” Harry looks around everywhere, does not believe Shape unexpectedly not here.
“Shape?” Cello laughs, the laughter was still passing ice-cold, “like seeming like such, Shape looks like a devil, like in the night is loafing the giant bat, where he arrives at to bring the fear. But this is we need, so long as he there, everybody will be guarding against him. At this time, but also who will care, pitiful, stutter Professor Cello?”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


In Chapter 47 back truth thoughts of gain lightens one to be unwilling, he was swindled, he had been deceived by Cello, but George is right. He is extremely negligent, is extremely arrogant, but this will cause the fatal consequence.

“At the GUI wonderful competition, Shape plans to kill me.” Harry pursues asks, he wants to know where oneself are wrong, he wants to inquire about more truth, even if dies to understand.
“No, no, you made a mistake completely, in the GUI wonderful arena, the person of making a move is I, wants to kill your is I. But some people helped you, I can detect that some people are helping you resist my staring, his strength is good. Shape, he has been reading a counter- incantation to you, he does not want to make me kill you, you are very lucky.”
Cello tone does not have fluctuating, as if did not mind to the same day failure.
“How possibly, Shape can want to save me.” Harry is stunned, compares is not Shape who acts, what is more surprising is Shape wants to save him unexpectedly, this is how possible.
“How inconceivable.” Cello coldly said.
“You think him for what, when you attend the second competition can act as the referee? He is afraid me to continue to you to begin, is really laughable. Has Dumbledore to present, I will not act in such situation, he does adds something superfluous and ruins the effect. If I really plan to act, his trick is useless.”
“He like a lonely clown, everyone does not like him, thinks that he to prevent the standard sweet orchid smell wins. However, these actions do not have the significance, is the waste time. Tonight, this is the best time, you in without more good luck.” In Cello look brings carefully examining, now is the best making a move opportunity.
“" He hit a sound to refer, instantly, several ropes emerged out of thin air, bundled solid Harry.
“You did not consider resources bite off more than can chew, the baud, you are only a bear child who went into the adult world. You think that you can reveal the plot of this world, but you're taking advantage? You're relying on? Relies on you small trick in field?” Cello is carefully examining exhaltedly Harry who rolls on the ground, in the eye even has one to take pity on.
Cello looked that the look of pitiful creature makes Harry somewhat angry, he wants to revolt, but the body bunch the solid string makes his heart sink unceasingly. Different is greatly risky from the front formidable, he has everyone's help. When he faces true Yin planning matters alone, he has not even revolted against the ability. He somewhat self-ridiculed, this is my home to return, did I tell to everyone's consciousness?
“Static looks, the baud, I need a look at this side interesting mirror well.” Cello has turned around, not field society Harry.
Harry discovered until this time, Cello is setting up anything behind, several times is he has seen Eris sunglasses in the storage room.
“This gains the key of philosopher's stone, in mirror.” Cello is staring at the mirror stubbornly, the hand along all around frame of mirror, tried to find out, the rap, the mouth talked over in a soft voice, “Dumbledore the key of philosopher's stone on conceals in this, he now also in London, when he hurried back, I bring the philosopher's stone to go to faraway places.”
Harry cannot think that saves own means that but he is not willing to wait for Cello to find the philosopher's stone like this, then sets aside the hand to come him to kill. He tries to guide Cello to continue to speak, the protracted time, at least do not let him attain the philosopher's stone.
“I track Shape to see you to meet in the forest.” He somewhat rash saying.
“I somewhat underestimated you.” On Cello mouth is saying like this, the tone actually slightly has not changed, turns around to continue to examine to the magic mirror behind. “Never expected that Shape will be tracked by you unexpectedly on, he wants to know that at that time my plan has conducted what situation. He stared at me, wants to frighten me. How he possibly frightens me, I have Lord Voldemort to be the backer.”
Cello revolves around mirror back and forth, greedy wants to see through the secret of mirror.
Harry unceasing is struggling, but this is only makes the rope more entangle is tighter,
He wants to prevent Cello to discover the secret of magic mirror. “But Shape he hates me.”
“This also right, he hates certainly you. Initially he and your father went to school in Hogwarts together, haven't you known? They are the foes, absolutely irreconcilable, but he truly did not have the hope to make you die.” Cello's voice seems careless, the philosopher's stone is close at hand, but how to find makes him unable to find way out.
“But I heard you to cry in a classroom couple days ago, isn't Shape is threatening you?” Harry bit by bit gains the information.
On Cello's face revealed a fear, “sometimes, I am hard to complete the instruction under my master. He is that great sorcerer, but my strength is extremely small and weak.”
“In other words, on that day were you and your master together in the classroom?” Harry somewhat has doubts, who can Cello's master be?
“Regardless where I arrived, he with me in the same place.” Cello's voice is passing the strange tranquility.
“I, when visited the world to run into him, my was silly young people, to good and evil whether has absurd idea of one set of young people. Is my master Lord Voldemort pointed out that my mistake, he taught me, in the world simply did not have that set of so-called right and wrong good and evil.”
“Only has the power, these mediocre in activities motley crew. After that I give loyalty to him, but I have to make him disappointed several times, he has been very severe to me.”
Cello shivered suddenly, “he will not easily let off my mistake, I cannot steal the philosopher's stone from the ancient spirit pavilion, this makes him very not happy. He punished me, and is monitoring me frequently strictly.”
Cello's voice gradually lowered, Harry recalled when he is at the opposite angle lane scene. How can't that time he thinks? He had seen Cello on that day, but also and he has shaken hand in the broken cauldron bar, he should not neglect such important information.
Cello is cursing in a low voice, the secret of magic mirror perplexed him, he cannot discover the way that the philosopher's stone hidden.
Cello's being able to find way out makes Harry somewhat inspired, best Cello unable to find the philosopher's stone forever, even if he lives is very likely, but can make Lord Voldemort be defeated always a good deed.
“But actually is the philosopher's stone at where? Can break the mirror?” Harry's brain also in fast is gaining, “or I wholeheartedly am I thinking the philosopher's stone, can the photo in the mirror have the philosopher's stone the position? It is not right, this Cello had found, or cannot think the philosopher's stone completely, is this?”
Cello continues to gather round the mirror, mumbled.
“Where? The profound and abstruse principles of this mirror, help me, my master.” Harry hears to have a fearful sound to reply, the sound seems like from the body of Cello passes on.
“Makes that boy come, making him come.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 48 Lord Voldemort death of Cello turns to Harry, “baud, comes to this.”

His both hands racket, ties up Harry's these ropes to untie automatically, Harry slowly stood from the ground. “Comes to here.” Cello is hinting, “you go according to look in a mirror, then said you to see the scene.” Harry is forced the past.
“Did he also think?” Harry transfers is thinking, “I need to discover one set of appropriate lie to deceive him, I cannot find the philosopher's stone for him.”
Cello gathered his side, making him look at the mirror, Harry even smells on Cello to smell strange smell, is sending out from his scarf.
Harry cannot attend to these, he has stood in front of the magic mirror, in his brain goes all out to think means that is used to deceive Cello, does not know facing mirror time, should think the philosopher's stone cannot think the philosopher's stone.
He noticed in mirror, his face in mirror was pale, panic. But a moment later, the person in mirror revealed the smile, the person in mirror put in the pocket the hand, fabricated pulled out a bright red stone. Then he blinks, returns the pocket the stone old route.
But at the same time, Harry felt that a thing of drum really appeared in his pocket.
“Oh no, then outsmarts oneself.” In the Ha thoughts of gain is anxious instantly, how the philosopher's stone appeared.
“What did you see in inside?” Cello impatient asking.
Harry hurrying baseless and irrational concoctions, “I look that in mirror I am shaking hand with Dumbledore, I made sweet orchid smell all-win get down the school cup.”
That Cello was foul-mouthed shoved open Harry, “went away to me.”
Harry fell back on side, he was feeling that the philosopher's stone pastes in his pocket, he needs to find an opportunity to bring the philosopher's stone to run away.
But he walked several steps, a sharp sound, “he lay, he lay.”
“Baud, returns to here!” Cello shouts sternly, “said you to see that said the truth.”
“Makes me come with him to chat personally.” That sharp fearsome voice made a sound.
“But the master, you have not restored.” Cello's voice becomes pitiful.
“This fee/spent many strengths.”
Harry felt oneself look like by the devil net closely ties down, whole body cannot move, even breathes appears the difficulty. He stands there dull, seeing Cello to untie his head is binding the scarf, a strange picture, the scarf puts down, the head that Cello reveals is much smaller, then, he turns around to turn away from Harry.
Harry looked like to stare by the fearful monster, he wants to scream loudly, actually could not make a sound. Cello unexpectedly is a monster, in should be the place of back of the head has been downward, reveals a face. Harry pledged, he has not seen such fierce terrifying face, like the chalk death white face on, ignites two bright red shining fearful eyeballs, under is the snake same nostril.
“Harry Potter.” The fearful face whispered.
A Harry brain blank, does not have the philosopher's stone, without the lie, without the measure of dealing, like the draft animal that is going to be slaughtered, is only left over the instinct of fleeing.
“You looked, what appearance I had turned into?” The fearful face continued, “was only left over to frighten the shadow and steam of person, I even must draw support from others' body, can act. However, so long as I have the one breath, a thought that one group of people will open their minds, their minds, making me go.”
“In the past several weeks, the blood of unicorn made me reply some physical strengths. Like you know that forest Richie drinks the blood for me, but is quick, only needs me to attain the philosopher's stone, I can have strong immediately, the perfect body, now, you should the philosopher's stone give me in your pocket is hiding.”
He actually knew, Harry felt that fetter loose, retreat that he staggers.
“Don't be a fool.” That face continued wickedly, “surrender, this can save your poor life. Otherwise, you will end up your parents' fate, they beg for mercy to me, imploring me to let off them, but is too late.”
“You talked nonsense.” Harry retro cedes, while shouts.
“Is this moving picture.” He voices opinions.
“I like person who has the courage, like your parents. I first killed your father, he very brave fights with me, would rather die than surrender, what a pity he was too weak, the resistance is so weak. Your mother, she is very special, she does not use actually, but to save you. Now, gives me the philosopher's stone, do not let her pains waste.”
“I die will not make you work.” Harry is thinking how, regardless of cannot submit to Lord Voldemort, how regardless of cannot help him obtain the philosopher's stone. At this time around road less, he one cruel-heartedly, fiercely toward burning the front door of black flame is flushing away.
“Holds him!” Lord Voldemort screamed.
“Who is?”
Runs Harry to hear suddenly, Lord Voldemort sends out a painful interrogation, flows from throw all at once behind, crushes him in the place.
He lies on the ground, careful leaning excessive, sees only Cello both hands to go all out to cover the neck, is actually not able to prevent the blood unceasingly from referring to the seams spouts, he opened the mouth, is actually not able to make any sound.
Blue flame explodes suddenly from Cello's body, swallows his entire body.
Until the last wisp of black smoke was embezzled by the fireball completely, the fireball more shrinks is smaller, vanishes does not see.
“Is George you?” Harry is looking around to the air everywhere.
“It seems like has not given you to be pleasantly surprised.” A big form suddenly appears, is George Solos, in his hand is pinching a cape.
“My from the beginning speculation is Dumbledore, when has not seen the person, thinks before you, took away my invisible clothes.” Harry sees is really being George, long breathes a sigh of relief at heart finally.
“It is never so expected that easy-to-use, I stay in side look for the opportunity. Attracts their attention while you, I used air to cut, cut open Cello's neck. Also, summoned the flame to burn him with Lord Voldemort, to finally, them has not discovered me.”
In George sizes up to begin carefully the invisible clothes, is somewhat inconceivable. Really is in the legend came from the god of death worthily the invisible cape, usually in uses is not in Harry's hands obvious. Today George is used to cope with Lord Voldemort it, this big demon until dying cannot discover George's trace.
“You saved me, words that you like, it was your.” Barely escaping, a Harry face is relaxed, gave George the invisible clothes simply as the thanks.
George went forward to pull up also sat in Harry of ground, “your may make me feel embarrassed, it was too easy-to-use, I liked very much. However, puts there you, I must with be able to ask you to borrow momentarily, you want to look for me taking advantage of the thing time, not necessarily can find me.”
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 49 relieves heart demon Harry generous Jeangeorges who to be very excited, but thinks in the school the relative security. Just he killed Lord Voldemort who took possession Cello, increased to oneself strength confidence for a while, temporarily the invisible clothes remained is protecting Harry.

“I have not thought that you are so unexpectedly strong.” Harry also felt at this time somewhat inconceivable, he knows that George is very strong, the scaled height of burst grade is strong. But he does not have the ability of resistance in Cello's hands, but George easily solved Cello unexpectedly, even Cello's body is also taking possession Lord Voldemort.
“Without fierce that you imagine.” George facial color is light, excitement and joy in the eye actually not being able to constrain, “invisible clothes is extremely powerful, I had once told you, facing great strange, the sorcerer cannot add on an armor to protect oneself to rush. Facing the sorcerer, must find the best making a move time.”
George paces, while is waving, could not repress was saying excitedly then situation, “I hid in the one side, without the heartbeat, without the breath, they simply have not detected me. I stand side them, thinks several sets of methods temporarily, does not dare to begin directly.”
George has transferred the attention, patted Harry's shoulder “to attract their attention until you, I first illuminated the plan, put forth air cutting, cut open Cello's throat. He has no way to chant incantations, but also hurts has no way to breathe, is frail looks like an average person. No matter how powerful sorcerer, at this time, is only an average person.”
“However Lord Voldemort, like he himself said that he only has the shadow now, the steam, my fire burnt down them entirely.”
“Therefore!” George puts out a hand, “cooperation is happy, Harry.”
Harry has not responded, but subconscious also puts out a hand, then a powerful big hand gripped him saying that “massacred merit person of half of Lord Voldemort.”
“No matter how powerful sorcerer, without protection time is also only the average person.” Harry twittering, the terrifying of Lord Voldemort is obvious to all, the entire magic present is fearing he. But George told him, Lord Voldemort died in their two coordination, his some cannot believe when the role that oneself played, is startled for the sorcerer has not guarded against the frail heart.
To George, today is very important a day. Solely is not because killed Lord Voldemort, preserved the philosopher's stone. What is more important, he understood finally oneself situation, does not use in all day is with trepidation.
Lord Voldemort imagined weak, not only this time Harry faced oneself fear. George also defeated thoroughly these years pressure, since he has recorded events the goal and power resists Lord Voldemort, but this once let the entire magic frightened fiendish person after all.
Is facing him, George does not dare to be lax, for these years' strength growth, although has gone far beyond anticipation from the beginning. But actually to be in what situation, always lacks self-confidence at heart.
Before the sufficient strength, George has been in a dilemma. Not only does not want to conflict with Lord Voldemort directly, cannot lose to 11-year-old Harry, He keen and Owen. This time eliminates a soul of Lord Voldemort personally, finally breathes a sigh of relief layer on layer/heavily, eliminated he the biggest heart demon.
Then can feel relieved that own future, did not need to be worried the suddenly emitted food dead disciple, the careerist of resurrecting, the fiendish person of return kills conveniently. Today, had cut to kill the experience of Lord Voldemort soul, George stands firm in magic truly. Had today's experience, he when facing any powerful sorcerer, can maintain the equal mentality.
On the other hand, under the function of invisible clothes, weak being incapable of Lord Voldemort, sounded a big alarm to George. He never dares ignorant Lord Voldemort, ignorant magic to be likely same, treats as numb Gun the average person. Knows, without the sorcerer of protection cannot resist a bullet forever, but study of many years of magic also made him feel the superiority feeling to average person.
Today's matter, a professor in Hogwarts Institute, by the evil person who Lord Voldemort takes possession.
Such worried him, felt alarmed and anxious the quite long some time opponent, under a negligence. Even his shadow has not been seeing, was easily killed by him, does not compare to kill one greatly strange more difficult. This lets his weakness to the sorcerer, somewhat worried, Lord Voldemort is like this weak, he?
“Was philosopher's stone ruined?” The sensitive face is inconceivable, how can, everyone put so many thoughts.
“That is a pity.” Owen is covering the chest, felt that loves dearly, he noticed that the innumerable gold will go far away to him, buys the dream of GUI wonderful team to be never. “Wanted me saying that really must ruin, this/should first made a big pile of gold.”
“This was Dumbledore said that I was not quite definite, but I also believe, ruined the philosopher's stone too to waste.” After a soul that George massacres Lord Voldemort, massacred own heart demon, he does not have now to worry of Lord Voldemort, if possible, he wants to take care of the philosopher's stone, the fear will no longer draw on Lord Voldemort.
“Pitifully the philosopher's stone is not our, we have no way to take responsibility for it.” Harry has attained the philosopher's stone personally, but has not felt its specialness, Professor Dumbledore who was caught up with later wanted.
“I should and philosopher's stone hide myself at that time with the invisible clothes.” George also somewhat regretted, he also when talked with Harry, Dumbledore braved suddenly, he has not traced the philosopher's stone.
“Philosopher's stone is Nicole Lever, Dumbledore does not have the right to decide that its ownership, hides uselessly.” Thinks sensitively George is speaking the angry words, Dumbledore comes that suddenly, where has opportunity conceals to live.
“Sometimes therefore I will also envy Lord Voldemort, wanting anything to attain anything, many things that I want spend unable to buy.” George is nipping the tooth, the philosopher's stone not in his hands instead actually not he the biggest complaint, but wastes, standing the latrine pit is not defecating to make him very repugnant.
“You, defeated the heroic tone of Lord Voldemort to be different, did not fear that said this saying was seized by the magic section.” Sensitive sleep/felt present George was somewhat different, probably was comfortably more relaxed.
“Is Harry you also afraid Lord Voldemort?” On George face shows the happy expression, face relaxed looking to Harry.
“Naturally no, I am not afraid Lord Voldemort, next Lord Voldemort leaves me to kill.” Affected by George one after another, Harry is a face is also aggressive, the small hand brandishes.
“What are you saying? Next Lord Voldemort? What did I miss? What did the principal tell you?” Owen is puzzled, what did he miss?
Yesterday they in Shape's test, were prevented by the flame, only then George was powerful taking advantage of oneself, passed the flame. He keens returns to deliver a letter taking advantage of the medicament old route, but he was stranded by the flame in that room, he is waiting for Harry and George anxiously comes back.
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


Chapter 50 glorious defeat does not know how long waited, Harry and George have not come back, Professor Dumbledore came in unexpectedly, he does not make Owen follow similarly, entered that room alone. Is good because of also shortly, Dumbledore leads George and Harry comes out.

Owen went bad happily, wholeheartedly wants to know that what happened, but the time is too late. Coming out is before dawn, George and Harry told his Cello dead hastily, Lord Voldemort failed, the philosopher's stone preserved, then went back to sleep, but he truly was also sleepy.
When everyone wakes at noon, Harry and George were also called by Professor Dumbledore, this ate the time of dinner, he some opportunities inquired the later matter finally.
Harry then 1510 entire account, told slowly to Owen and He is sensitive.
“Lord Voldemort now is very weak, he is a flower trellis, is only left over to frighten the shadow and steam of person. He cannot harm the person now, his partisans, but also is helping him do evil.”
Yesterday and George experienced together, making Harry realizes that Lord Voldemort present weak, his more repugnant these were implementing the evil person of plot under a talking incessantly ghost, without their help, Lord Voldemort could not live.
“Compares Lord Voldemort, now more dangerous instead is these partisans of Lord Voldemort, is they in the manufacture plot, hope resurrecting Lord Voldemort.” After solving yesterday's matter, George does not have fear to Lord Voldemort, at this time understood, the true opponent is the partisan who Lord Voldemort leaves behind.
Yesterday's experience, showed once again the villain died of the words are many, but regarding Lord Voldemort handicapped but with strong will by the one breath, can enter others 's mind and brain, this Jeangeorges envied.
Does not propose this non- rigidity, at least this misled the strength powerful too more than the common villain loser. After all said that the person dies such as the lamp to extinguish, falls separately, can mix to have so many dead loyally, Lord Voldemort was glorious defeat.
“After I and George eliminated Lord Voldemort, Dumbledore long in coming, luckily George not like him, otherwise I was really burnt by the fire.” Harry remembers George to sneak attack the scene of Lord Voldemort with the invisible clothes, but also really seized not early not a late good time.
“Cannot think must steal the philosopher's stone unexpectedly is not Shape, but seems like that timid Cello.” Owen's development to the matter is surprised, Cello also is really the person not facial expression.
“Shape is really a strange person, he and my father are schoolmates, but they relate very bad, like me and March.” Harry touches the head, Shape's situation makes him very awkward, “my father has rescued his life, this makes Shape hate. He had a mortal hatred is rescued by the repugnant person, he also therefore had a mortal hatred of me.”
“You also are really unlucky!” He thought sensitively Harry is very innocent, Shape and Harry father that strange relations, actually must pass to Harry, this is unfair to Harry.
“Makes him hate me, I also dislike him in any case, is good because of does not need to be worried that he must kill me.” Harry felt, since could not find to deal with Shape's means that does not pay attention simply.
“This time George, I am almost more of a hindrance than a help. Like George said that the Dumbledore's protection to the philosopher's stone is the philosopher's stone only safeguard. He hid the philosopher's stone in a magic mirror, only then well-meaning wants to find the philosopher's stone not to use his person, can obtain the philosopher's stone from the magic mirror. If I do not have, Cello could not discover the philosopher's stone.”
In Harry opinion, yesterday's risk could be perfectly, he knows matter that many wants to know. But only what makes him most unhappy is, he is almost more of a hindrance than a help.
“ This does not blame you, this is Dumbledore's acrobatics. He seemed like intends to guide you to handle a lot, including letting you went facing Lord Voldemort, if he really planned to hide the philosopher's stone. I make a bet, no matter you are Lord Voldemort, from the start where you will not know the philosopher's stone, let alone found it.
“ George had affirmed, the front formidable is greatly risky, final magic mirror western eastern Tibet, is Dumbledore intends to arrange, deliberately makes Harry attains the philosopher's stone. However, if in midway he has not caught up, Harry has no way to defer to the plot to eliminate Lord Voldemort probably, but was burnt by the fire because of the butterfly effect.
“How can? Such words were too fearful, I meant how Dumbledore can make Harry go facing these dangers? If not George, he had died.” He thought sensitively this guess was too fearful, new student|life who Dumbledore plans the first grade unexpectedly.
Words that “now comes to see, we discovered the much information very early in the morning, Dumbledore also to these clear. He knows that we are making anything, but he has not planned to prevent. Perhaps Dumbledore thought that I have the right to face Lord Voldemort.” Harry to some Dumbledore favorable impressions, tries to argue for him.
“Cello great strange obviously results in cannot be obvious, Lord Voldemort takes possession on him, but also has shaken in the school blindly. Dumbledore is clear to all things very early in the morning, he like playing an exciting game, but the result of game, is called to look at the luck.” George had the self-confidence of looking straight ahead Dumbledore, naturally does not will think that Dumbledore's arrangement has something to praise. If only depends upon a Harry person, this game is very interesting, but the risk and income differ so much as to be beyond comparison forever. He does not plan that integrates own allay Dumbledore, they were too old, is old has been shiftless, is old has not changed, is old has regarded the game others.
“I cannot believe, Nicole Lever ruined the philosopher's stone unexpectedly like this, he died like this.” Owen has changed the topic, these days the soul-stirring risk, Dumbledore actually has long known, even also deliberately guides. This makes Owen feels that some are uncomfortable, he does not plan to accuse Dumbledore, but does not want to defend Dumbledore.
But Nicole Lever the choice is, making him feel the idol in own heart, has turned into the completely impervious lunatic.
Since knowing the philosopher's stone, since Owen, had regarded oneself idol Nicole Lever these days. The innumerable gold, the eternal life, the great alchemy master, these huge achievements superimpose in a name of person, ratio this is greater, more perfect matter?
But such a perfect person, the perfect life, because of an illusory image of Lord Voldemort, chose the death like this, this made people unable to accept.
“This was too shocking, lived the 600-year-old the greatest gold metallurgy master, is dying like this?” Sensitively to a headache, no matter how what she imagines is also incomprehensible, Nicole Lever chose the death at this time.
The greatest alchemy master, the owner of philosopher's stone, looks like by Lord Voldemort is scared to death is the same. But Lord Voldemort cannot withstand weakly, even George and Harry can beat him!
Welcome the general book friends to visit reading, latest, quickest and hottest serial publication performs in the mobile phone user welcome to reading.


